make tree planting mandatory for all new buildings
=====================================

5- Every new building should leave space to plant new trees. Care must be taken to see that they grow well. 
6- Everything is fine but y is dat e1 after planning, u dig roads which r fine n make no roads for d people n coz of digging thrs so much of pollution n traffic n so much of health hazards for people staying thr n ppl commuting by dat road daily. Pls at least now plan properly don't just say Master Plan for name sake it shld ve sm serious good plan for d city.
13- There should be more specifics of how are they going to achieve this. There should be some deadlines and some Targets associated with each item. 2031 will be too late for such measures as we have habit of working towards the end of Goal. Some Immediate steps should be taken to get Environment, Back on Track. Relive all the lakes, make all the lakes Non-Toxic, plant more trees around the Lake. Create Green Zones across the Cities, where there should be only plants and no other activities should happen. Work on providing 24*7 Electricity to all the offices and apartments, so that usage of Gensets can be minimized. 
14- Not only plant but also monitor the growth of trees. Plant more Banyan for larger distribution of trees, and higher o2 content. Also, we have a huge termite problem so we are in dire need of tree doctors at every ward. Lastly, give more breathing space for trees and not choke it with cement. 
27- Need to make strict rules for not chopping the trees.  BBMP keeps chopping /trimming the trees to keep the electric cables safe.  Instead they can do underground cabling.  Also,  instead of chopping huge trees,  they can use new technologies and relocate those trees.   Strictly plant 2trees each house.  (breadth and length should be mentioned in guidelines). 
30- The Green Belt is reducing by cutting trees and uncountable constructions. There is no plan to road but big builders make the apartment for possession.
31- How about planting trees with fruits like mango n al...this would b great if v are able to get food in the road 
33- Mainly have to stop cutting down the trees, if necessary try to replant those trees to another location where necessary. Contact me for planting tree sampling where necessary for joining hands.
39- The sooner you start the better it is because planting tree you need minimum of 5years for the tree to grow 
49- Instead of planting trees, trees are being cut. The proud thing of Bengaluru was trees and alot of trees which is being cut, Bengaluru is losing its pride,its temperature is changed only because of this, IT sectors other people are coming to B'lore and there's no much space left so trees are being cut but when you chop one tree its like taking alot of lives, I request you to please make B'lore as before. Please..
52- 1. The newly planted tree saplings will take minimum 10 years to become a tree, so the aim should be to preserve the existing flora. 2. While planting new trees, the trees should be sturdy, in the sense, it should not succumb for mild wind guesses after 10 years.  3. At least 3:1 ratio of plantation should be done for each and every tree that is brought down in the name of development. 4. BDA should restrain from cutting trees just because someone built a shopping complex with the entrance placed in front of the tree. The shopping complex or any building should have been planned to avoid tree felling. 5. Everyone in the city-limit should take prior permission from the environment board before cutting any tree that is there in private or in public areas. The reason and plan of the building should be reviewed and maximum number of trees should be saved. Moreover, for every tree they cut, they should plant at least 2 tree saplings and show then as grown trees at the time of completing the construction project. To conclude: Aim should be to save the existing trees, rather than planting and waiting for another 10-15 years for them to become trees again. NOTE: BDA can consider relocation of trees with the latest technology and machines available and followed in few countries. 
59- Although all these ideas are novel and can make an impact when implemented properly, no assurance what so ever has been given regarding this and the method of implementation is again up for speculation. Another major drawback is that these measures prevent future degradation but do not include any steps for rehabilitating the currently degrading environment
60- It's important to educate as well as make people practice to plant trees only then will the city improve in. Environmental issues
70- Tree planting has never been successful. Saplings are planted, money is spent and forgotten. They just wilt away after a few months due to lack of care.
72- Need to stop demolishing Bigg biggg trees,you can't plant a 1plant instead of 1bigg tree 
79- What is the meaning of "will plant more trees". Instead of that make mandatory to all who are living in Bangalore that they plant 40 trees and by the next 10 years 10 trees should grow to their full health  It should be their responsibility that they should take care of these plants. Those who can make survive 30+ plant reward them. I think there are 8 million people in Bangalore. Let's take 4 million are adult in this. So this count after 10 years  there would be 40 million tree at least. And this would be a great thing for this beautiful and important city.
80- We should ideally stop new construction it will bring in more deforestation 
84- Just planting is not sufficient, sustaining the existing and maintaining the new plants is the necessary of the hour
86- Plant small trees along all roads in around Bangalore and make a dense forest kind of plan so that city gets back it's old charm
89- If this follows exactly what has been mentioned here, they Bangalore will become a great city. I would just like to add a point regarding allocation of land space for new construction, there should be a gap to plant trees.
90- BDA has done good job in assessing environment. A simple and more effective solution would be to involve public in environment protection. Issue a Government Order mandating 1 Tree for every House with minimum of 1200 sq.ft area of land. Apartment complexes can also abide this rule. This will ensure quick implementation of tree cover, and reduce temperature, and increase water resources through rain fall.
91- Very good view and thoughts from the government. Cutting down of trees must be made difficult for everyone. The must be guidelines and rules regarding cutting of trees. Just planting new trees will not help unless the old ones are preserved.
92- regulate garbage. invest in recycling plants or outsource it. make it licensed and legal. 
95- Tree planting should be made mandatory and vehicles should be made electrified, no more fossil fuel vehicles to be run on the roads
98- Tree are cut irresponsibly,the trees must be planted in 1:10 ratio ,if one tree is cut in the same locality 10 trees must be planted ,the parks ,lakes must be surrounded by trees ,the roades must be maintained, proper drainage system must be in place , public toilet system must be in each locality,where not possible temporary modern public toilet system should be made , where public density is more and traffic is intense no vehicle zone or only pedestrian roads to be made ,like these issues must be addressed 
101- Making residents to mandate planting plants at home at least 1 plant per person
105- Roof top gardens and Skywalker with plantation in localities that would have housing next to next, also in case of It company offices. Flats and row houses must mandatory have garden space with trees. BDA must increase public transport including metro and publicize lesser usage of personal cars. Also, prohibit the use of personal cars within Bangalore during peak office hours. 
109- Please make it mandatory for all buildings to have rooftop gardens.
112- 1. Planting trees will just not help because they will be chopped of my the Govt for road widening Or for Metro Or any other reasons. Why cant we enable Vertical gardening. Its consumes less space and more effective. Infact the space below the Metro lane is now becoming a dumping yard. It can be well maintained too. 2. Maintaining the water beds should be thought off. we see the lakes are been converted to land . Eg: JP nagar Puttenhalli lake which was once a wide spread lake, today is making way for a big apartment to come up. Even with heavy rains this year, there were no signs of water in it. One side the govt passed order to demolish the buildings built on the water bed, and other side the govt itself is granting permissions for covering  the lake.   3.  
115- Tree cutting should be kept to a minimum. During Road widening and flyover construction work, environmental aspects should have a greater say than the financial aspects. Buildings rather than a line of trees should be the first to go for any widening work and during budgeting this should be taken care of. A value has to be places on every tree just like market values are placed on property. 
122- Make mandatory for residents/companies/corporates, in fact all to plant trees and also maintain them till they grow. Moving Polluted industries outside city does not look like a good idea, working around controlling and reducing them shd be part. Forest and water bodies shd not be touched but to be maintained. Solar power to be in use immediately and let go others for preservation. Very clear demarcation on usage of public property- roads for driving, footpaths for walking etc
127- Pollution cannot be curbed just by installing tree, reduce the reduction of diesel cars for private use. Also make footpaths that support trees and store rainwater during raining season, this will replenish ground water, also ban bore-wells that are destroying the water table in Bangalore
130- please stop cutting trees and Govt. should bring rules such as for every one new building permit they should have plant sapled and they should take care. Now they are giving subsidy on current, if solar plants is installed similarly they should give subsidy on current or water if they have a tree planted which is recorded by government for that individual house/building, so that people will concentrate on that.   Only planting saplings will not help all these ...it should be taken care properly, so that it grows big instead dying as saplings itself.
131- Good to see planting tree point in the plan.. this was there earlier in 80s when one could see roadside plants with plant gaurds .. after IT revolution started, this became another photo op or event instead of being a regular activity by the concerned department. Please ensure no big trees are cut or if they have to, should be translocate else where. Have a immediate movement called "Bring back Greenery" and go on offensive planting trees as part of or outside this plan. Definite need of the hour else we will all choke to severe health problems and die
132- Planting of trees is an ongoing task. During the tenure of Mr. Ramakrishna Hegde it was encouraged by distributing free saplings in each ward. People who had open spaces and interest in planting were encouraged.  Over a period of time, everyone is interested in deviating the plan of their homes and building complete space of the site. Hence, there is no space for planting. This is leading to lot of air pollution in many areas and thus causing health issues for many people residing in Bangalore.  If you want to still retain Bangalore as "Green City" tag, then now is the time to change it. Please take some serious look.
136- Trees should be planted all roads not only major roads.  Ensure minimum one tree per house should be achieved. Segregation of waste and wet waste should be converted in to manure and used for the plantation of trees
142- Also make sure to plant a tree with every cut down of a tree used for houses and carpentry 
143- The idea is awesome but will it be really executed or possible in this corrupt state. Every new plan come comes with a heavy cost which end of the day is bared by common public. How? Means XYZ authority take cost approval from respective authorities in the name of development which includes bribe for each and every person. This needs to be properly mapped and monitored before executing any plans which will help to have cost effective and qualitative execution. Also there should be strict sessions/syllabus in every school.  Me being from Kerala State, but feel so bad hearing sarcastic fun on laughing at Bangalore being called garden of the city as it isn't really green. We should give this job to Army personals who are good and maintaining and managing green. Examples - HAL Stretch, Jalahalli Stretch, Ramaiah College Stretch, Brigade  Road towards Kormangala stretch. Entire road and area should beautiful like our Devanahalli Airport Road that should be our target and focus.   Clean all lakes esp sarjapur lake. If one cuts one trees they should plant 5 trees in return. There should be proper count and agreement on trees. Every garden should be properly managed.  
156- Planting trees in every house should be mandatory 
160- Community and public toilets are an absolute need. The details of toilet construction is not sufficient enough. Please make adequate provision to build a four seat toilet complex every two km on main roads. A public private partnership initiative may be taken up in this regard.
171- make proper layout for residential area, every 2 Km square meter provide 1, 1 acre area park. Destroy all illegal buildings.  
174- Plant trees of future use and which absorbs more pollution. Advice to plant flowering plants of local varieties rather costly foreign varieties on road sides. May plant tree species of long growing rather wider growing on roadsides and plant trees growing wider on roadsides which have less traffic. This samplings after planted have to be taken care until it grows for 2 years. Planting should be done before monsoon season arrival. 
176- Many Places cutting the tree due to infrastructures development. Yes we need infrastructures but we have to do proper plan for this. (Dont cut the tree)
179- Make sure each house has one tree planted for themselves so to maintain the greenery from house, make sure the new layouts/roads are approved with proper dimensions to have enough space for plantation in front of their homes. 
189- Should increase the green cover by planting more fruit bearing trees as it will help birds. Also water bodies must be protected and rain water harvesting made mandatory at specific layout level so as to make them serif sufficient for their water needs. 
