All heavily polluting industries will be moved outside the city
=====================================

3- All plants and trees needs to be tracked. Plan alternative options instead of cutting trees in City. The lung space is reducing heavily. 
20- Move the polluting industries from areas such as peenya to further places designated for them away from populated areas
21- All roads should be sand free dry. Sand is causing air pollution. Manholes should be designed in a way it is in level with the road, no elevation or depression of the man holes. Too many two wheeler accidents and death is caused by un even level of the man holes on the roads. 
22- All pollutants from Industrial waste need comphrensive outlook. Electric Autos and all vehicles mandatory in next 5 years. Household waste management, BBMP need to follow NGT guideliness. Rules to be created by govt and implementation to be done by right monitoring authorities.
24- There are places still in core city of Bangalore which needs immediate action on environment management and caring
25- Every single citizen should be educated about the Global warming. Use of plastic bags should be banned completely, burning plastics & tires should also be banned. Old vehicles which produces lot of C02 should be scraped. Bycycle should be distributed at all metro stations to reduce the usage of other transports. All the polluting factories should be monitored for any chemical discharge into the lakes or rivers. 
32- The maximum impact to nature and environmental factors is due to the unhandled waste from the posters, ads, paper flyers all littered all around the city. We need a law against littering in the public spaces. We build beautiful bridges and the pillars are full of movie posters and political ads. The trees are also not spared. People put up pins and nails on trees to put there posters of PG ads and other things. Can we please have our city back, beautiful and green and clean without all these litter every where we see.?
37- These are ideals cannot see any movement on the ground ideally we should do these things but lakes are still getting encroached heavily polluting industries are still pumping effluents to lakes and other water bodies.
41- Lands of lakes should be reclaimed in full force. Also the reclaimed land has to be turned back into lakes and the water catchment area of the lakes have to be taken over and turned green. This has to happen by force else water will be a major crisis for Bangalore in another 2 years. If we think about using force now we will be left with a city with no water
42- Need to keep the city Clean
48- highly polluted city 
62- Everything is good but there should be compulsory CSR responsibility given to every company residing in Bengaluru for managing the environment in the city here by reducing the stress for the BBMP to look after each and everything
69- While all of this sounds great on paper, implementation has always been an issue. The preparation for a Master Plan for the future must reflect in the attitudes of the authorities in the present and the authorities currently seem hell bent on making decisions that are not in favour of the ecology and aesthetics of the city.  The rampant construction of skywalks in the city is a case in point. These skywalks serve more as advertisement platforms than public utilities.  Also, integration of public transport in terms of accessibility and convenience goes a long way in incentivising the population to forego their private vehicles.   The authorities have completely neglected this factor while deciding the location of the Cantonment Metro Station despite many valid counters to their technical arguments by select and credible individuals from the society.  The Kempegowda International Airport is 11 years old but we still don’t have a fully functional Metro/Rail system traversing the 40 km distance from the city to the airport. Reliance on private vehicles to reach the airport is expected in such a situation. However, the authorities are more interested in widening Jaymahal Road by removing it’s green cover instead of fast tracking and prioritising the Airport Metro Line.  Transplantation of trees saves the trees. However, it leaves their former/original location bereft of the benefits of their presence and hence causes immense ecological damage.
87- Bangalore has lost 80% of It's greenery.  Where there is a will there is a way, we can definitely restore the greenery. You need to fix a date and begin the awareness campaign 6 months earlier so there is enough hype and awareness is created for all to participate. Make lakhs of saplings available and start a "each plant a tree" campaign. In 10 years time a lot of greenery will be restored.   Also if the land around Airport can be beautifully landscaped, the entire City should have such landscaping. Let each builder take up the job of landscaping a few areas, in return the govt can offer them advertising space such that it doesn't spoil the beauty of the landscaped area.   Also we see so many illegal bills stuck all over the city especially flyover pillars. Make it illegal and fine those companies that advertise on walls. 
97- Do not make the situation that are facing big city like Bombay.... Dehil 
100- Plant more trees in the bhanergatta forests and make all the bridges green by introducing more of hanging plants. Industries into more of pollution shuld be asd to pay heavy penalty and asd to be shifted to the outskirts....penalty shuld be nlmade compulsory to any industry within and outskirts of banglore.... The lakes in the city must be cleaned and shuld take enough preventions that they do not get polluted again after cleaning 
116- The 2.2% forested area estimated to be in the Bangalore urban region is absurdly optimistic, and of this most is outside the core area. Look at the Banerghata National Park for an illustration of the problem: its entire north-eastern and northern boundaries are densely built-up right to the park boundary. The BDA's approach to green cover (pg 79) is simply copied and pasted from a best practice elsewhere to give a semblance of concern, as the commercial zoning currently (mal)practiced recognises no need for ever a ward green space. 
121- Environment also means the how the city looks to people- currently ministers and other high ranked officials deface the looks of this city by putting up illegal wooden hoarding everywhere. This is criminal. Sometimes these hoardings are so much in your way that it causes inconvenience to a common man in his/her day-to-day life. This must stop. Levy heavy taxes/charges on these hoardings. Why can't we be like any other international country. They do not use such illegal and ugly looking things in their cities, why should we?, they respect their citizens, do we? This will be a major change in my opinion and restore Bangalore's beauty. A STRICT RULE TO ERADICATE ALL POLITICAL, NON-POLITICAL BANNERS FROM OUR LOVELY BANGALORE CITY. Let us set an example.
139- There is no clear mandate from where citizens can access data. The scare in Delhi and Mumbai is a clear lesson for urban developers that incessant development without planning will have an adverse affect on the economy sooner or later.   First and foremost, we need real time monitoring systems that can be accessed online. This will ensure accountability.   Cycling and renewables needs a focus in the city. Bangalore is one of those cities in our country which can easily be converted to the ways of cycling with minimal effort. We need cycling lanes and public sharing systems. The city needs docking points so that people can dock their cycles effectively. There should be days when vehicular traffic is limited to cycles (for healthy people). This will promote a new kind of culture, and will benefit the city in the long run.
149- Many of the building construction are illegal. Only Bangalore was concentrated for development and many of the projects should have been moved to other cities. Over population and illegal construction and cutting down trees, no waste management. All these issue needs to be addressed. 1. All the lakes should be rejuvenated.  2. No more projects in Bangalore, convince the company to open in Mysore or any other cities.  3. Promote e bicycle, since the cost of living near to office is high we stay far and use bike or car. If cost of living reduced we can stay near to office and go by bicycle it's healthy and good for environment.  I am happy to suggest and participate in any initiative. Feel free to reach out at ananda.palani@gmail.com 
157- Why it doesn’t shook our conscious to see our lakes disappear and tree cover vanish? The city that gave us so much, we took away everything from it in just 2 decades. Is there no end to human greed? The air quality index has broken the scale to worst and still administration is busy minting money by shielding land/sand mafia. We have only one earth, one motherland  , one hometown... let’s get together and we can bring back the glorious days. Don’t let us down please. Even poorer countries score better than us in environmentally sustainable development of infrastructure. Don’t make it ghost city. 
158- Banning of setting fire to dry waste (dry leaves, paper, garbage). I have complained many times on I change my city app. The regular offenders being the Government Institutions and the BBMP Garbage Contractors/Handlers.
172- The available resources like parks, lakes, encroachments, which are not maintained are not mentioned, how they will be rejuvenated and or returned back to its natural state. Environment and other aspects of the city go hand in hand and needs to be considered together.
186- First, for tree planting, There needs to be a plan based on population growth expected, increase in pollution due to transportation usage, Ward wise plan for the same.   Second, The green area cannot be only on the peripheries. They have to be evenly distributed throughout the city to have an impact.   Third, flyover and metro pillars need to employ vertical gardens.   Fourth, dust and sand cleaning needs to be implemented using machines that are used internationally.   Fifth, Desilting and cleaning of lakes and interconnectivity of lakes needs to be introduced if not already existent. Flooding of low lying areas can be dramatically reduced if these are implemented.   Sixth, charging stations cannot be small establishments and at localised points. They need to be interconnected at metro stations, malls, airport.    Seventh, garbage disposal and waste management activities have to be carried out in the night to reduce impact on traffic and decongest roads during peak work hours.   
188- Nice vision but practicality seems lacking... how are you going to move heavy polluting industries? Why not start with things like banning the heavily polluting buses and requiring all taxis and autos to run on cng.  Solar... ok but storage is more important. How about stopping the burning of leaves and garbage?  Heavy fines? Enforcement of existing laws?
