Novel
=====================================

8- https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/5-things-saved-city-r-k-shenoy/  I had written this blog which highlights the top ideas, good to know many of these are being considered !
9- Please have more dustbins
10- Promote Terrace gardening along with all the above.. Will bring in additional 10% pollution free environment.. 
18- More Gardens, Parks need to be developed if possible every area must have a big garden so that we save environment also this wil control pollution a bit.
19- Wat about no. of vehicles on road? Wat about illegal constructions? Concrete city. 
29- Becoming worst than ever. Not good for Bangalore
38- Need to walk the talk
46- Please install many public garbage bins.
50- Dissatisfied
53- Great initiative.I hope this gets implemented irrespective of which government rules.Let me know if i could be helpful.
54- Please check into the the increasing noise pollution specially in the housing areas. Many small garbage collection/ welding shops have opened up in Radha Reddy Layout, Doddakanelli, Off Sarjapur Road. One of them is next to Mana Jardin. 
63- I wonder to what extent this would be implemented, most of these laws already exist and no one care. Its vital to take legal actions.
65- Should stop New extension for construction of buildings.
67- Please put down commercialisation of residential areas with an iron hand. This will save our environment greatly and help children to study and play more. Please increase play area for children as at present even branded schools have small play area. Please ban honking by vehicles other than ambulances in the City. There is no need for honking with in the city. Please have one hour study for children every day on environment protection. Their parents are a spoilt lot who also need environmental education. Please Make it compulsory. 
73- -Ban petrol and diesel 4-wheelers inside the city -Heavily subsidise electric vehicles (busses, cars, and two wheelers/bicycles ) -Build electric charging infrastructure -Make Rain water harvesting, electricity generation via solar panels mandatory for medium to large scale housing projects. 
74- good plan
75- Rather than plantaing small plants which only serve the purpose of aesthetics please opt for big shrubs that grow upto a height of 10-12 feet in between dividers and under the flyovers..
76- Good idea
78- Everyone should take responsibility 
81- For your writing inputs
83- - Initiative and Subsidy for buying electric vehicles. - Initiative to maximize electric stations.. Build a smart, better and resilient infrastructure for electric vehicles to come in. - Promote e bikes and cycles - Ban all polluting vehicles. Move BMTC to electric  - More strict regulations to protect our lake and lake beds. Prevent any waste run-over and sewage discharge into lakes. Build better aquatic environment in the lake. - Waste management required - Sustainable development required. New innovative wats to use renewable energy to peer the city required. 
93- Implementation should be enforced strictly 
94- if we keep environment clean then we can have everything intact
99- I hope whatever things that has been mentioned here won't get limited to paper only. I hope it will honestly get implemented
102- You are playing with environment
103- Should look at the sustainability of the plan 
107- What about the emission of the vehicles? What about age old vehicles causing problems?
108- Need to plan around the environment
113- More can b done .. 
114- Most of the public transport is on diesel and the vehicles keep emitting dark black smoke at a very high rate, be it normal bus, Volvo or autos. This needs serious attention as the day is not far when we will be shutdown like Delhi !  Just do not go by the air quality index as it is good due to high altitude and powerful wind which sweeps away these toxic fumes.
117- Need lot improvement and it should be an agenda of development rather religion.
119- It's pathetic .
120- Seat n food holding tray was too dirty...cleanliness poor
123- Ban on chewing gums and any non bio degradable food item
125- Good plan should be realistic
128- Pollution
129- Asking people to cultivate and grow terrace garden in apartments and buildings. 
135- Tackle bio-degradable waste AT SOURCE. Make composting mandatory for all households and residential societies. Alleppey has done it. All plastic to be washed and collected separately and reused or recycled. Ban on plastic needs to be implemented as far as possible. Deter industries from plastic packaging. Stress on producing less waste. Educate society about segregation and waste management. You need everyone with you to succeed. Rest waste can be segregated and sorted more easily then. And no garbage collection on roads please!! Good luck!
144- Looks good 
145- This sounds like a good plan, please implement 
151- We need to educate people from the grassroot level aggressively regarding our mother earth and how to nurture it.
152- I am very concerned about AIR POLLUTION. BDA can set up a small small AIR Purifier towers where pollution is high. 
154- Need to come out with a comprehensive plan  for preventing flooding during monsoons...especially in the areas such as koramangala
162- No good roads.very pathetic road from Doddamara to mahaveer orchids.there are many incidents happened of slip during rainy season and normal time also.
163- Yellachanahalli Lake has been landfilled by land mafia, and removed from Bangalore map by BDA, can you reinstate the lak
166- Environment to be sustained at all cost. More & more tress to be planted to increase green cover
168- More trees! More trees! I cannot emphasize more on this. I grew up in a Bangalore filled with trees. They've all disappeared in the name of real estate! We definitely need more trees!
170- need to stand on words  
175- Proper town planning needs to be developed, in order to get the befit of the nature which we blessed with!!
177- Good
178- Good
183- Pollution at its height
187- Water bodies, very critical to protect from pollution
190- Proper information channel to let citizens know about these schemes to be provided. Also accountability to be transparent. Responsible person should be clear. So we can contact and get support and if they don't support what to be done next. Citizen should rate the work done by govt. 
