1- Please stop drying lakes and using it for buildings. Stop cutting trees.. it pains whenever i see anyone cutting any trees. The Bengaluru i lived 10 years ago was a paradise.. its been ruined coz of human greed. Please ban cutting any trees in and around bangalore
2- Make plastic free Bangalore that will biggest contribution towards environment, Where free land is there government can lease out NGO or interested people to plant trees with financial aids so that it will create environment and creates job opportunities
3- All plants and trees needs to be tracked. Plan alternative options instead of cutting trees in City. The lung space is reducing heavily. 
4- Chopping of trees should be stopped unless it's a matter of concern to life. 
5- Every new building should leave space to plant new trees. Care must be taken to see that they grow well. 
6- Everything is fine but y is dat e1 after planning, u dig roads which r fine n make no roads for d people n coz of digging thrs so much of pollution n traffic n so much of health hazards for people staying thr n ppl commuting by dat road daily. Pls at least now plan properly don't just say Master Plan for name sake it shld ve sm serious good plan for d city.
7- Water harvesting needs to be forced on people , just encouraging it wont help. Its ok to force if it is for common good.
8- https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/5-things-saved-city-r-k-shenoy/  I had written this blog which highlights the top ideas, good to know many of these are being considered !
9- Please have more dustbins
10- Promote Terrace gardening along with all the above.. Will bring in additional 10% pollution free environment.. 
11- This plan should be implemented now for next 15 years there will be a lot of population in Bengaluru. Please protect the nature in Bengaluru and do it now
12- Vertical gardening and envirnmt structures must be mandated for tech parks..as the glass panes heats up the city..the encroached lakes must be tackled sternly..firstly BDA land allotment must be corruption free and must not allot lands which have issues
13- There should be more specifics of how are they going to achieve this. There should be some deadlines and some Targets associated with each item. 2031 will be too late for such measures as we have habit of working towards the end of Goal. Some Immediate steps should be taken to get Environment, Back on Track. Relive all the lakes, make all the lakes Non-Toxic, plant more trees around the Lake. Create Green Zones across the Cities, where there should be only plants and no other activities should happen. Work on providing 24*7 Electricity to all the offices and apartments, so that usage of Gensets can be minimized. 
14- Not only plant but also monitor the growth of trees. Plant more Banyan for larger distribution of trees, and higher o2 content. Also, we have a huge termite problem so we are in dire need of tree doctors at every ward. Lastly, give more breathing space for trees and not choke it with cement. 
15- Complete disregard for the environment.  There should be more green spaces in the city.
16- The plan sounds very vague at the moment. 
17- Sound like unrealistic aims for our governments. Battery operated cars have yet to reach that level of sophistication, though it is possible by 2031. Getting people to move on from petrol and diesel will be harder. 
18- More Gardens, Parks need to be developed if possible every area must have a big garden so that we save environment also this wil control pollution a bit.
19- Wat about no. of vehicles on road? Wat about illegal constructions? Concrete city. 
20- Move the polluting industries from areas such as peenya to further places designated for them away from populated areas
21- All roads should be sand free dry. Sand is causing air pollution. Manholes should be designed in a way it is in level with the road, no elevation or depression of the man holes. Too many two wheeler accidents and death is caused by un even level of the man holes on the roads. 
22- All pollutants from Industrial waste need comphrensive outlook. Electric Autos and all vehicles mandatory in next 5 years. Household waste management, BBMP need to follow NGT guideliness. Rules to be created by govt and implementation to be done by right monitoring authorities.
23- The park and road should be monitored by the Area Authority on monthly basis.They should install proper lighting and maintenance of the platform as well.Tress should be planted more and government should encourage citizen to use cycle more.They should even plan events for cycling and should have Cycle stand and Cycles on rent installed so that the pollution level can come down as well as the parking space issue can be solved.This should start with our Elite Government officials first,so that more and more people will be encouraged by this gesture.
24- There are places still in core city of Bangalore which needs immediate action on environment management and caring
25- Every single citizen should be educated about the Global warming. Use of plastic bags should be banned completely, burning plastics & tires should also be banned. Old vehicles which produces lot of C02 should be scraped. Bycycle should be distributed at all metro stations to reduce the usage of other transports. All the polluting factories should be monitored for any chemical discharge into the lakes or rivers. 
26- Bangalore is name for trees/plants, parks and beautiful lakes inside city. BBMP is cutting down all plants, covering all lakes in the name of development is not acceptable. We do not need such development where there is no good environment. Do not cut down trees and do development with the available resources only.
27- Need to make strict rules for not chopping the trees.  BBMP keeps chopping /trimming the trees to keep the electric cables safe.  Instead they can do underground cabling.  Also,  instead of chopping huge trees,  they can use new technologies and relocate those trees.   Strictly plant 2trees each house.  (breadth and length should be mentioned in guidelines). 
28- Ban of Diesel Vehicles before the city becomes like the National Capital of India
29- Becoming worst than ever. Not good for Bangalore
30- The Green Belt is reducing by cutting trees and uncountable constructions. There is no plan to road but big builders make the apartment for possession.
31- How about planting trees with fruits like mango n al...this would b great if v are able to get food in the road 
32- The maximum impact to nature and environmental factors is due to the unhandled waste from the posters, ads, paper flyers all littered all around the city. We need a law against littering in the public spaces. We build beautiful bridges and the pillars are full of movie posters and political ads. The trees are also not spared. People put up pins and nails on trees to put there posters of PG ads and other things. Can we please have our city back, beautiful and green and clean without all these litter every where we see.?
33- Mainly have to stop cutting down the trees, if necessary try to replant those trees to another location where necessary. Contact me for planting tree sampling where necessary for joining hands.
34- Banglore should go for strong trees than the exisiting thin and strongless trees breaks down when heavy rain fall.
35- Cutting of trees for absolutely unnecessary reasons makes me furious. The trees are cut for road widening purposes where after couple of metres, the road merges back into a 2 lane road. What is the point? And the size of the trees being cut are enormous (easily 30-50 years old)  and are done in the night so that it is not noticed by any one who is  against it. The amount of shade and protection that these trees give is so much that the road makes you feel like home itself. But so many trees are cut, no one feels to come out during the day time. There is no point in chanting sustainability, saving of water, pollution free, or whatever it is if trees are going to be cut down like this. And after all the cutting, I have never seen any replacement efforts and it hurts me as I cannot do anything alone. Are human beings so selfish that we only care about our present comforts? Are we so stupid that we can't see what this is doing to our earth? I don't mind contributing to make out planet a much greener place. Everyone is so selfish and greedy and lazy that no one wants to do work and only wants money. 
36- Even though a lot of effort is being done to improve the environment , we still have a filthy  environment. This is due to the indifference and ignorance of the public. We have to use a lot of publicity about achieving a clean and healthy place to live in. TV, Radio , Movie theaters,  all the Government offices, Hospitals, Schools and colleges can be used for conveying strong messages about the donts -like, littering, defecating, urinating, SPITTING,  in public places,  and  heavy fines have to be charged when rules are violated.  Even though  thin  plastic bags are banned shops and vendors are still using them.  Emission tests are not carried out by many vehicles .  How do they escape the scrutiny of the police! There are many BBMP buses emitting black smoke . There should be periodical checks .  Educationg the public is the first step . 
37- These are ideals cannot see any movement on the ground ideally we should do these things but lakes are still getting encroached heavily polluting industries are still pumping effluents to lakes and other water bodies.
38- Need to walk the talk
39- The sooner you start the better it is because planting tree you need minimum of 5years for the tree to grow 
40- The master plan look promising. But I hope there would be action. IT Projects getting approved in Brookfield area without concerned about traffic. Noise and pollution on the rise. Bad roads are one of the main reason for pollution. Govt can try odd/even formula at least once a week. Private vehicles(unpooled) are allowed at 10AM. Buses should connect IT park.
41- Lands of lakes should be reclaimed in full force. Also the reclaimed land has to be turned back into lakes and the water catchment area of the lakes have to be taken over and turned green. This has to happen by force else water will be a major crisis for Bangalore in another 2 years. If we think about using force now we will be left with a city with no water
42- Need to keep the city Clean
43- In the masterplan these ideas looks good unless executed to the true core. We are seeing lakes dying, temperature rising due to warming effects caused by less greenery in our surroundings, Vehicles causing noise and air pollution leading to poor quality of breathable air around us. Not only municipality has to plant more trees it has to be an individual's responsibility to contribute towards the society.
44- Please educate house members, especially house wives about waste segregation and not to tie  garbage in plastic cover and throw. Please ban plastic, before banning please provide ideas and alternatives for groceries packing . All the vendors in Prashanth Nagar areas have plastic.. worst !!
45- Please avoid using some expensive flower plant or ornamental plants. Try to use convenientional trees which which we used to plant in old Bangalore areas. Vertical gardening is also a good idea
46- Please install many public garbage bins.
47- there are ample trees being planted nor are there any proper maintenance of parks and lakes. some immense drives should be held to plant more trees along with tech parks every month(suggestion)
48- highly polluted city 
49- Instead of planting trees, trees are being cut. The proud thing of Bengaluru was trees and alot of trees which is being cut, Bengaluru is losing its pride,its temperature is changed only because of this, IT sectors other people are coming to B'lore and there's no much space left so trees are being cut but when you chop one tree its like taking alot of lives, I request you to please make B'lore as before. Please..
50- Dissatisfied
51- The problem with a democratic national is that the development plans for the next few decades look brilliant on paper. At the top level of hierarchy, the problems are jot down and addressed with a practical solution.  But it's equally hopeless when it comes to the execution as we move down in the hierarchy.  There needs to be a strict evaluation of the ongoing plans to curb the wrongdoings and also promote the need for development among the citizens so that the general public can enforce the same by being a part of it voluntarily.  Gone are the days where we sit idle and blame the government. If we need to see the changes around us, we need to change as well. Just wishing the government promotes active participation of citizens for the development of cities. 
52- 1. The newly planted tree saplings will take minimum 10 years to become a tree, so the aim should be to preserve the existing flora. 2. While planting new trees, the trees should be sturdy, in the sense, it should not succumb for mild wind guesses after 10 years.  3. At least 3:1 ratio of plantation should be done for each and every tree that is brought down in the name of development. 4. BDA should restrain from cutting trees just because someone built a shopping complex with the entrance placed in front of the tree. The shopping complex or any building should have been planned to avoid tree felling. 5. Everyone in the city-limit should take prior permission from the environment board before cutting any tree that is there in private or in public areas. The reason and plan of the building should be reviewed and maximum number of trees should be saved. Moreover, for every tree they cut, they should plant at least 2 tree saplings and show then as grown trees at the time of completing the construction project. To conclude: Aim should be to save the existing trees, rather than planting and waiting for another 10-15 years for them to become trees again. NOTE: BDA can consider relocation of trees with the latest technology and machines available and followed in few countries. 
53- Great initiative.I hope this gets implemented irrespective of which government rules.Let me know if i could be helpful.
54- Please check into the the increasing noise pollution specially in the housing areas. Many small garbage collection/ welding shops have opened up in Radha Reddy Layout, Doddakanelli, Off Sarjapur Road. One of them is next to Mana Jardin. 
55- I really wish the promises made by the municipality will be executed. Bengaluru misses it's greenery!
56- Adequate spaces for pavements, and to be raised so that vehicles are detered from using it. And lighting should be adequate.
57- make it mandatory to plant trees by all the citizens around their houses. lake should be protected and proper sewage system should be maintained
58- Bangalore has more borewells and many residential property has more then one and in particular places borewells goes up to 2000 meters approx.it's not right way,as bottom surface get dry due to no water.government need to restrict with borewells after certain meters(*very strictly*) and need to supply water so as to save ground water and need to give awareness the advantages of solar energy
59- Although all these ideas are novel and can make an impact when implemented properly, no assurance what so ever has been given regarding this and the method of implementation is again up for speculation. Another major drawback is that these measures prevent future degradation but do not include any steps for rehabilitating the currently degrading environment
60- It's important to educate as well as make people practice to plant trees only then will the city improve in. Environmental issues
61- Well, I think solar energy should be widely supported by many people.. and each house should start taking this very seriously. Tesla as a company is doing so much better to the earth through sustainable energy. 
62- Everything is good but there should be compulsory CSR responsibility given to every company residing in Bengaluru for managing the environment in the city here by reducing the stress for the BBMP to look after each and everything
63- I wonder to what extent this would be implemented, most of these laws already exist and no one care. Its vital to take legal actions.
64- Planting more and more trees isn't a option anymore, it's become a necessity
65- Should stop New extension for construction of buildings.
66- Because of the recent changes in Bangalore roads. The roads have been dug up... And many people have fallen sick most of 2017 or have faced breathing problems. Dust gathers everywhere and commuting doesnt only turn hard but next to impossible. 
67- Please put down commercialisation of residential areas with an iron hand. This will save our environment greatly and help children to study and play more. Please increase play area for children as at present even branded schools have small play area. Please ban honking by vehicles other than ambulances in the City. There is no need for honking with in the city. Please have one hour study for children every day on environment protection. Their parents are a spoilt lot who also need environmental education. Please Make it compulsory. 
68- Their should small jungle in every part of bangalore the technique of this jungle is used by HAL where a small 10*20 place will be filled with trees and managed in such a way that their is no place inside by setting up of small mini size to huge trees in a orderly way this will fight pollution and save greenery
69- While all of this sounds great on paper, implementation has always been an issue. The preparation for a Master Plan for the future must reflect in the attitudes of the authorities in the present and the authorities currently seem hell bent on making decisions that are not in favour of the ecology and aesthetics of the city.  The rampant construction of skywalks in the city is a case in point. These skywalks serve more as advertisement platforms than public utilities.  Also, integration of public transport in terms of accessibility and convenience goes a long way in incentivising the population to forego their private vehicles.   The authorities have completely neglected this factor while deciding the location of the Cantonment Metro Station despite many valid counters to their technical arguments by select and credible individuals from the society.  The Kempegowda International Airport is 11 years old but we still don’t have a fully functional Metro/Rail system traversing the 40 km distance from the city to the airport. Reliance on private vehicles to reach the airport is expected in such a situation. However, the authorities are more interested in widening Jaymahal Road by removing it’s green cover instead of fast tracking and prioritising the Airport Metro Line.  Transplantation of trees saves the trees. However, it leaves their former/original location bereft of the benefits of their presence and hence causes immense ecological damage.
70- Tree planting has never been successful. Saplings are planted, money is spent and forgotten. They just wilt away after a few months due to lack of care.
71- Implementation of plants should be done in every places as it enhances the reducing in the pollution also helps in reducing the health care problems which are associated with the pollition there are several new techniques for implementation purpose not one to discuss it's better to discuss by speaking with each other 
72- Need to stop demolishing Bigg biggg trees,you can't plant a 1plant instead of 1bigg tree 
73- -Ban petrol and diesel 4-wheelers inside the city -Heavily subsidise electric vehicles (busses, cars, and two wheelers/bicycles ) -Build electric charging infrastructure -Make Rain water harvesting, electricity generation via solar panels mandatory for medium to large scale housing projects. 
74- good plan
75- Rather than plantaing small plants which only serve the purpose of aesthetics please opt for big shrubs that grow upto a height of 10-12 feet in between dividers and under the flyovers..
76- Good idea
77- Stop cutting trees, start growing trees
78- Everyone should take responsibility 
79- What is the meaning of "will plant more trees". Instead of that make mandatory to all who are living in Bangalore that they plant 40 trees and by the next 10 years 10 trees should grow to their full health  It should be their responsibility that they should take care of these plants. Those who can make survive 30+ plant reward them. I think there are 8 million people in Bangalore. Let's take 4 million are adult in this. So this count after 10 years  there would be 40 million tree at least. And this would be a great thing for this beautiful and important city.
80- We should ideally stop new construction it will bring in more deforestation 
81- For your writing inputs
82- Need to properly streamline all the projects and complete them within the deadline. 
83- - Initiative and Subsidy for buying electric vehicles. - Initiative to maximize electric stations.. Build a smart, better and resilient infrastructure for electric vehicles to come in. - Promote e bikes and cycles - Ban all polluting vehicles. Move BMTC to electric  - More strict regulations to protect our lake and lake beds. Prevent any waste run-over and sewage discharge into lakes. Build better aquatic environment in the lake. - Waste management required - Sustainable development required. New innovative wats to use renewable energy to peer the city required. 
84- Just planting is not sufficient, sustaining the existing and maintaining the new plants is the necessary of the hour
85- One of the major issue of continuous urbanisation is the decrease of green coverage. The concrete areas formed by the roofs, roads, parkings create heat islands. Putting trees on the roads might help but the main built area (flat roofs) remain. Why not encouraging green roofs and roof  top cultivation? Coupling this with grey water recycling, will tackle the issue of water scarcity to maintain a green cover.
86- Plant small trees along all roads in around Bangalore and make a dense forest kind of plan so that city gets back it's old charm
87- Bangalore has lost 80% of It's greenery.  Where there is a will there is a way, we can definitely restore the greenery. You need to fix a date and begin the awareness campaign 6 months earlier so there is enough hype and awareness is created for all to participate. Make lakhs of saplings available and start a "each plant a tree" campaign. In 10 years time a lot of greenery will be restored.   Also if the land around Airport can be beautifully landscaped, the entire City should have such landscaping. Let each builder take up the job of landscaping a few areas, in return the govt can offer them advertising space such that it doesn't spoil the beauty of the landscaped area.   Also we see so many illegal bills stuck all over the city especially flyover pillars. Make it illegal and fine those companies that advertise on walls. 
88- Save trees
89- If this follows exactly what has been mentioned here, they Bangalore will become a great city. I would just like to add a point regarding allocation of land space for new construction, there should be a gap to plant trees.
90- BDA has done good job in assessing environment. A simple and more effective solution would be to involve public in environment protection. Issue a Government Order mandating 1 Tree for every House with minimum of 1200 sq.ft area of land. Apartment complexes can also abide this rule. This will ensure quick implementation of tree cover, and reduce temperature, and increase water resources through rain fall.
91- Very good view and thoughts from the government. Cutting down of trees must be made difficult for everyone. The must be guidelines and rules regarding cutting of trees. Just planting new trees will not help unless the old ones are preserved.
92- regulate garbage. invest in recycling plants or outsource it. make it licensed and legal. 
93- Implementation should be enforced strictly 
94- if we keep environment clean then we can have everything intact
95- Tree planting should be made mandatory and vehicles should be made electrified, no more fossil fuel vehicles to be run on the roads
96- Some major steps must be taken to avoid water wastage 
97- Do not make the situation that are facing big city like Bombay.... Dehil 
98- Tree are cut irresponsibly,the trees must be planted in 1:10 ratio ,if one tree is cut in the same locality 10 trees must be planted ,the parks ,lakes must be surrounded by trees ,the roades must be maintained, proper drainage system must be in place , public toilet system must be in each locality,where not possible temporary modern public toilet system should be made , where public density is more and traffic is intense no vehicle zone or only pedestrian roads to be made ,like these issues must be addressed 
99- I hope whatever things that has been mentioned here won't get limited to paper only. I hope it will honestly get implemented
100- Plant more trees in the bhanergatta forests and make all the bridges green by introducing more of hanging plants. Industries into more of pollution shuld be asd to pay heavy penalty and asd to be shifted to the outskirts....penalty shuld be nlmade compulsory to any industry within and outskirts of banglore.... The lakes in the city must be cleaned and shuld take enough preventions that they do not get polluted again after cleaning 
101- Making residents to mandate planting plants at home at least 1 plant per person
102- You are playing with environment
103- Should look at the sustainability of the plan 
104- Who will maintain the planted trees? Till now all the planted trees are died without no Maintanance and water supply
105- Roof top gardens and Skywalker with plantation in localities that would have housing next to next, also in case of It company offices. Flats and row houses must mandatory have garden space with trees. BDA must increase public transport including metro and publicize lesser usage of personal cars. Also, prohibit the use of personal cars within Bangalore during peak office hours. 
106- * maintainace of existing lakes,  bus depot should not acquire the lakes to construct it.   * no waste should be released to lakes,  * government should provide subsidies to buy electric vehicles and make mandatory electric vehicles for students ( cycle or electric vehicle),  * provide attractive exchange offers to buy electric vehicles( on old petrol/diesel vehicles)   * all public transport with in the city should be electric vehicles.
107- What about the emission of the vehicles? What about age old vehicles causing problems?
108- Need to plan around the environment
109- Please make it mandatory for all buildings to have rooftop gardens.
110- Bangalore is especially known for its green art and named as garden city....so I request to plant trees along the road side,provide clean footpaths with benches and some decorative things like that which makes the city look beautiful...and also a request to not allow anyone spit chewing gums and pan and all
111- Unavailability of ground water is an issue of grave concern 
112- 1. Planting trees will just not help because they will be chopped of my the Govt for road widening Or for Metro Or any other reasons. Why cant we enable Vertical gardening. Its consumes less space and more effective. Infact the space below the Metro lane is now becoming a dumping yard. It can be well maintained too. 2. Maintaining the water beds should be thought off. we see the lakes are been converted to land . Eg: JP nagar Puttenhalli lake which was once a wide spread lake, today is making way for a big apartment to come up. Even with heavy rains this year, there were no signs of water in it. One side the govt passed order to demolish the buildings built on the water bed, and other side the govt itself is granting permissions for covering  the lake.   3.  
113- More can b done .. 
114- Most of the public transport is on diesel and the vehicles keep emitting dark black smoke at a very high rate, be it normal bus, Volvo or autos. This needs serious attention as the day is not far when we will be shutdown like Delhi !  Just do not go by the air quality index as it is good due to high altitude and powerful wind which sweeps away these toxic fumes.
115- Tree cutting should be kept to a minimum. During Road widening and flyover construction work, environmental aspects should have a greater say than the financial aspects. Buildings rather than a line of trees should be the first to go for any widening work and during budgeting this should be taken care of. A value has to be places on every tree just like market values are placed on property. 
116- The 2.2% forested area estimated to be in the Bangalore urban region is absurdly optimistic, and of this most is outside the core area. Look at the Banerghata National Park for an illustration of the problem: its entire north-eastern and northern boundaries are densely built-up right to the park boundary. The BDA's approach to green cover (pg 79) is simply copied and pasted from a best practice elsewhere to give a semblance of concern, as the commercial zoning currently (mal)practiced recognises no need for ever a ward green space. 
117- Need lot improvement and it should be an agenda of development rather religion.
118- We should try to reserve the lakes of the city 
119- It's pathetic .
120- Seat n food holding tray was too dirty...cleanliness poor
121- Environment also means the how the city looks to people- currently ministers and other high ranked officials deface the looks of this city by putting up illegal wooden hoarding everywhere. This is criminal. Sometimes these hoardings are so much in your way that it causes inconvenience to a common man in his/her day-to-day life. This must stop. Levy heavy taxes/charges on these hoardings. Why can't we be like any other international country. They do not use such illegal and ugly looking things in their cities, why should we?, they respect their citizens, do we? This will be a major change in my opinion and restore Bangalore's beauty. A STRICT RULE TO ERADICATE ALL POLITICAL, NON-POLITICAL BANNERS FROM OUR LOVELY BANGALORE CITY. Let us set an example.
122- Make mandatory for residents/companies/corporates, in fact all to plant trees and also maintain them till they grow. Moving Polluted industries outside city does not look like a good idea, working around controlling and reducing them shd be part. Forest and water bodies shd not be touched but to be maintained. Solar power to be in use immediately and let go others for preservation. Very clear demarcation on usage of public property- roads for driving, footpaths for walking etc
123- Ban on chewing gums and any non bio degradable food item
124- These plans are very generic. There needs to be a timeline, budget, name of person accountable, place where it plans to be implemented.  Please provide us with an open forum where we CAN TRACK WHAT ALL IS GETTING IMPLEMENTED
125- Good plan should be realistic
126- Please ban use of polybags and disposable cutlery. Road side hawkers attract IT population and have no proper disposal of garbage. Garbage of disposable and polythene goes in drains and on foot paths
127- Pollution cannot be curbed just by installing tree, reduce the reduction of diesel cars for private use. Also make footpaths that support trees and store rainwater during raining season, this will replenish ground water, also ban bore-wells that are destroying the water table in Bangalore
128- Pollution
129- Asking people to cultivate and grow terrace garden in apartments and buildings. 
130- please stop cutting trees and Govt. should bring rules such as for every one new building permit they should have plant sapled and they should take care. Now they are giving subsidy on current, if solar plants is installed similarly they should give subsidy on current or water if they have a tree planted which is recorded by government for that individual house/building, so that people will concentrate on that.   Only planting saplings will not help all these ...it should be taken care properly, so that it grows big instead dying as saplings itself.
131- Good to see planting tree point in the plan.. this was there earlier in 80s when one could see roadside plants with plant gaurds .. after IT revolution started, this became another photo op or event instead of being a regular activity by the concerned department. Please ensure no big trees are cut or if they have to, should be translocate else where. Have a immediate movement called "Bring back Greenery" and go on offensive planting trees as part of or outside this plan. Definite need of the hour else we will all choke to severe health problems and die
132- Planting of trees is an ongoing task. During the tenure of Mr. Ramakrishna Hegde it was encouraged by distributing free saplings in each ward. People who had open spaces and interest in planting were encouraged.  Over a period of time, everyone is interested in deviating the plan of their homes and building complete space of the site. Hence, there is no space for planting. This is leading to lot of air pollution in many areas and thus causing health issues for many people residing in Bangalore.  If you want to still retain Bangalore as "Green City" tag, then now is the time to change it. Please take some serious look.
133- Use of Solar electric power, rain water harvesting and home composting should be encouraged. We need to educate public in these areas. 
134- Ensure each housing society has trees planted, roof top gardens and zero discharge
135- Tackle bio-degradable waste AT SOURCE. Make composting mandatory for all households and residential societies. Alleppey has done it. All plastic to be washed and collected separately and reused or recycled. Ban on plastic needs to be implemented as far as possible. Deter industries from plastic packaging. Stress on producing less waste. Educate society about segregation and waste management. You need everyone with you to succeed. Rest waste can be segregated and sorted more easily then. And no garbage collection on roads please!! Good luck!
136- Trees should be planted all roads not only major roads.  Ensure minimum one tree per house should be achieved. Segregation of waste and wet waste should be converted in to manure and used for the plantation of trees
137- Why BBMP is allowing individual house owners to build houses wall to wall or even the builders without thinking of the parks and trees to be planted at home and apartments. Wherez the initiative to ncourage by providing grow bags and seeds to grow at home eg terrace garden, waste composting.
138- Waste water and other waste treatment plant should be there in the apartments.  Proper arrangements should be made in the factories for chemical waste disposal instead of channeling to the lakes and other water bodies.
139- There is no clear mandate from where citizens can access data. The scare in Delhi and Mumbai is a clear lesson for urban developers that incessant development without planning will have an adverse affect on the economy sooner or later.   First and foremost, we need real time monitoring systems that can be accessed online. This will ensure accountability.   Cycling and renewables needs a focus in the city. Bangalore is one of those cities in our country which can easily be converted to the ways of cycling with minimal effort. We need cycling lanes and public sharing systems. The city needs docking points so that people can dock their cycles effectively. There should be days when vehicular traffic is limited to cycles (for healthy people). This will promote a new kind of culture, and will benefit the city in the long run.
140- The BBMP and BDA are imposing rules but not taking appropriate steps to ensure everyone is adhering to it. Also people get away with not following the set regulations by bribing the authorities which needs to stop.
141- Don't increase urbanization.. Don't increase FAR for construction.  Move further out only and have wide signal free road to commute to city or metro extension
142- Also make sure to plant a tree with every cut down of a tree used for houses and carpentry 
143- The idea is awesome but will it be really executed or possible in this corrupt state. Every new plan come comes with a heavy cost which end of the day is bared by common public. How? Means XYZ authority take cost approval from respective authorities in the name of development which includes bribe for each and every person. This needs to be properly mapped and monitored before executing any plans which will help to have cost effective and qualitative execution. Also there should be strict sessions/syllabus in every school.  Me being from Kerala State, but feel so bad hearing sarcastic fun on laughing at Bangalore being called garden of the city as it isn't really green. We should give this job to Army personals who are good and maintaining and managing green. Examples - HAL Stretch, Jalahalli Stretch, Ramaiah College Stretch, Brigade  Road towards Kormangala stretch. Entire road and area should beautiful like our Devanahalli Airport Road that should be our target and focus.   Clean all lakes esp sarjapur lake. If one cuts one trees they should plant 5 trees in return. There should be proper count and agreement on trees. Every garden should be properly managed.  
144- Looks good 
145- This sounds like a good plan, please implement 
146- The environment must not just be limited to plants and lakes, animals form a huge component.Poor stray animals wander about( and it actually isnt their mistake, where are they gonna go if their.land is encroached by bangalorean in making houses and roads) They share this land as much as we do.It is painful to see these poor animals being chased away from almost anywhere.What happened to the green city? what happned to the nature of ayiti devo bhava? Where humbleness and generosity was part in each citizen?
147- Please do plant more trees and maintain the name given to us as a garden city 
148- A larger comprehensive policy detail needs to be included. Planting trees is fine or water harvesting is also fine. How are we going to achieve them? What is the strategy behind the same? A lot of water is wasted just via drains. How do we use that to recharge our ground water levels? None of this is covered and just a statement does not help.
149- Many of the building construction are illegal. Only Bangalore was concentrated for development and many of the projects should have been moved to other cities. Over population and illegal construction and cutting down trees, no waste management. All these issue needs to be addressed. 1. All the lakes should be rejuvenated.  2. No more projects in Bangalore, convince the company to open in Mysore or any other cities.  3. Promote e bicycle, since the cost of living near to office is high we stay far and use bike or car. If cost of living reduced we can stay near to office and go by bicycle it's healthy and good for environment.  I am happy to suggest and participate in any initiative. Feel free to reach out at ananda.palani@gmail.com 
150- No construction  n no industry waste flowing strictly into lake beds. 
151- We need to educate people from the grassroot level aggressively regarding our mother earth and how to nurture it.
152- I am very concerned about AIR POLLUTION. BDA can set up a small small AIR Purifier towers where pollution is high. 
153- Unsatisfied with the development and need to show intrest and improve the grenery plant the trees where it is required in every road with plan 
154- Need to come out with a comprehensive plan  for preventing flooding during monsoons...especially in the areas such as koramangala
155- We also need to work on drainages water logging issue in Bangalore.
156- Planting trees in every house should be mandatory 
157- Why it doesn’t shook our conscious to see our lakes disappear and tree cover vanish? The city that gave us so much, we took away everything from it in just 2 decades. Is there no end to human greed? The air quality index has broken the scale to worst and still administration is busy minting money by shielding land/sand mafia. We have only one earth, one motherland  , one hometown... let’s get together and we can bring back the glorious days. Don’t let us down please. Even poorer countries score better than us in environmentally sustainable development of infrastructure. Don’t make it ghost city. 
158- Banning of setting fire to dry waste (dry leaves, paper, garbage). I have complained many times on I change my city app. The regular offenders being the Government Institutions and the BBMP Garbage Contractors/Handlers.
159- Needs more green spaces. Make use of solar energy in existing areas. Plant trees on the opposite sides of the electricity poles (better to channelize all wires underground). So trees can grow without being chopped off. Make open spaces in every ward, parks with trees a must!
160- Community and public toilets are an absolute need. The details of toilet construction is not sufficient enough. Please make adequate provision to build a four seat toilet complex every two km on main roads. A public private partnership initiative may be taken up in this regard.
161- stop cutting the trees 1st
162- No good roads.very pathetic road from Doddamara to mahaveer orchids.there are many incidents happened of slip during rainy season and normal time also.
163- Yellachanahalli Lake has been landfilled by land mafia, and removed from Bangalore map by BDA, can you reinstate the lak
164- We need to make hard rules and should follow them without any if and but. We have do some public gathering to encourage people to contribute for the better environment. Even plastic ban in Bangalore, we can easily find that people are using it (even it has reduced but not fully). I am agree that only Gov body can do until people are not supporting so we have to make the Clean India Healthy India Campaign more frequently. We can start some program like Swach Bharat Ambassador for a particular area. It may help other people to participate in this actively. 
165- Bangalore has been turned from garden city to garbage city
166- Environment to be sustained at all cost. More & more tress to be planted to increase green cover
167- Use of green technologies and solar power must be definitely looked into. We need to live a plastic free life and make sure we dont create waste at all thereby altogether avoiding waste disposal needs. Bio degradable way of life what is followed in Indian villages - eating on leaf plates for example - must be followed. Defecating or Urinating in public must be severely dealt with and people should be heavily fined. Use of public toilets should be encouraged in line with "Swacch Bharat" from PM Sri Narendra Modi. 
168- More trees! More trees! I cannot emphasize more on this. I grew up in a Bangalore filled with trees. They've all disappeared in the name of real estate! We definitely need more trees!
169- Would like all the lakes to have adopted wet land cultivation.
170- need to stand on words  
171- make proper layout for residential area, every 2 Km square meter provide 1, 1 acre area park. Destroy all illegal buildings.  
172- The available resources like parks, lakes, encroachments, which are not maintained are not mentioned, how they will be rejuvenated and or returned back to its natural state. Environment and other aspects of the city go hand in hand and needs to be considered together.
173- The Decision is good, but only if administration and maintenance becomes really strict, without any corruption.
174- Plant trees of future use and which absorbs more pollution. Advice to plant flowering plants of local varieties rather costly foreign varieties on road sides. May plant tree species of long growing rather wider growing on roadsides and plant trees growing wider on roadsides which have less traffic. This samplings after planted have to be taken care until it grows for 2 years. Planting should be done before monsoon season arrival. 
175- Proper town planning needs to be developed, in order to get the befit of the nature which we blessed with!!
176- Many Places cutting the tree due to infrastructures development. Yes we need infrastructures but we have to do proper plan for this. (Dont cut the tree)
177- Good
178- Good
179- Make sure each house has one tree planted for themselves so to maintain the greenery from house, make sure the new layouts/roads are approved with proper dimensions to have enough space for plantation in front of their homes. 
180- Not enough done for Bengaluru environment
181- Where is the space to plant trees, footpaths have been trimmed and will become non-existent with the expansion of road to accommodate more vehicles, electric poles, transformers and traffic signs. My opinion would be to have an lane entirely dedicated for pedestrians and trees. At least the minimum we can think of is having an elevated footpath in places of dense and dangerous traffic or if we are more kind and generous towards saving environment make elevated cycle tracks.
182- Ensure that existing trees & area around the trees are not covered with concrete and there is space for ground water to be replenished when it rains
183- Pollution at its height
184- There are lot of open plots that have Parthenium and other Pollen plants which cause harm to health of everyone. We should have a rule of the owners cleaning their plots or BBMP charge them a nominal fee for the upkeep
185- The garden city is becoming  hotter. More trees to be planted in boundaries of the layout,road sides and gardens.
186- First, for tree planting, There needs to be a plan based on population growth expected, increase in pollution due to transportation usage, Ward wise plan for the same.   Second, The green area cannot be only on the peripheries. They have to be evenly distributed throughout the city to have an impact.   Third, flyover and metro pillars need to employ vertical gardens.   Fourth, dust and sand cleaning needs to be implemented using machines that are used internationally.   Fifth, Desilting and cleaning of lakes and interconnectivity of lakes needs to be introduced if not already existent. Flooding of low lying areas can be dramatically reduced if these are implemented.   Sixth, charging stations cannot be small establishments and at localised points. They need to be interconnected at metro stations, malls, airport.    Seventh, garbage disposal and waste management activities have to be carried out in the night to reduce impact on traffic and decongest roads during peak work hours.   
187- Water bodies, very critical to protect from pollution
188- Nice vision but practicality seems lacking... how are you going to move heavy polluting industries? Why not start with things like banning the heavily polluting buses and requiring all taxis and autos to run on cng.  Solar... ok but storage is more important. How about stopping the burning of leaves and garbage?  Heavy fines? Enforcement of existing laws?
189- Should increase the green cover by planting more fruit bearing trees as it will help birds. Also water bodies must be protected and rain water harvesting made mandatory at specific layout level so as to make them serif sufficient for their water needs. 
190- Proper information channel to let citizens know about these schemes to be provided. Also accountability to be transparent. Responsible person should be clear. So we can contact and get support and if they don't support what to be done next. Citizen should rate the work done by govt. 
