1- Parking of vehicles on small roads 25 feet should be made on one/single side only to allow free movement of vehicles 
2- Please include checks and balances in place ( i.e accountability) to make sure that is will be completed ,tested and approved within the given deadline.Also move the deadline to 2025 instead of 2031 to complete work in phases
3- Promote Bus transportation than private vehicle, More buses with proper cleaniliness and allow only passengers depends available seats like other coutry, Adopt GPS tracking for all busses so that passengers can plan 
4- There should be analyzing committee to upgrade this plan based on changing needs which i dont see it here. It is needed because by the time this plan is approved there will be Some development and plan might need update.Plan with dates has to be put up. There should be a clear plan of when this plan will be approved, when each work will start and when each will close. 
5- PEDESTRIAN MOBILITY must be designed and implemented in all traffic infrastructure. Policing a must at ward/BBMP level. Traffic rules enforcement is not to place cops for fine collection but save lives. Scientifically designed footpaths, pedestrian crossings, pedestrian traffic signals, zebra crossing, skywalks, long-skywalks from public transport transit points a MUST. Please collaborate with Israel/Japan/ Germany/ Singapore for design and have a profit-sharing model using public pedestrian works towards generating revenue for the city. 
6- Master plan 2015 is not implemented it is mandatory to implement previous version 
7- The plan is good coz Bengaluru is a lovely place to be in i'm a bengalurian by birth and I'm proud of my city. Traffic during these transition must be managed properly.
8- All the above are the big plans which we all know will not kick off. If you really want to do any change seriously, we can give you better solutions. All you need is to implement the present rules strictly. BTP even though doing a great job, there is a long way to go which is not being taken seriously. Ask me for solutions and i can give easy ways to ease the traffic problems. At the first place we need to ease the traffic problems and then think of eradicating it. Some sample suggesstions:  1) Uturn Management: where ever there is a uturn , the traffic is held up by rouge cab drivers occcupying all the lanes to take the u turn. All we need to do is setup a barricade  not to let them take that u turn unless they are in the right lane for it.  2) Bus bays: We need to create bus bays whereever they are not there. Using bus bays avoids the blockages by the BMTC buses near the bus stops. 3) Usage of Bus Bays: We are glad that we have bus bays in some areas. Unfortunately  none of the BMTC drivers use them. They fell that it is their right to block the road. Hosnetly if you set right the BMTC drivers by teaching them some road manners, 20% of Bangalore traffic issues will be resolved. Especially the Volvo drivers, just because they have a high end bus, they feel like they own the road. 4) Foot paths: Foot paths should be cleared of all the encroachments. Especially near the bus stops.   ETC ETC. A normal engineer working in Bangalore can give multiple suggesstions to de congest the city. Some dedication to implement them is all is needed.
9- While no of buses will be increased there does not seem to be mention of any priority lanes which promote smoother movement of public vehicles as compared to private cars. Multi-modal concept is missing, which will promote people to easily switch between modes of transport including last mile connectivity using auto/2W.
10- Bangalore is unique in the sense that it has so many one way roads. Suddenly, on one fine day, the road gets converted to one way. What about building bridges? What about building underpasses/overpasses for pedestrians crossing on these ring roads? What's the plan to unclog major residential areas such as Hennur, Indira nagar, koramangala, Marathahalli which are seeing increasing traffic congestions? Why can't we impose no entry for big commercial vehicles?
11- Make smooth dust free widened road for bangalore as per population growth.Pathetic plans need to be reviewed
12- Please have wider roads and dont allow vehicles to be parked on main/service roads.
13- Planning of road every thing should change I have a plan 
14- Answer to the plan is :  the prevailing traffic conditions are NOT new. This pathetic condition has been there for years. if the authorities really want to do something, forget 2031. please please take steps to regulate traffic and fix the roads NOW, not next year, not in 2031, not in 2050. NOW.  by 2031 there will be no companies or jobs left in bangalore due to the pathetic infrastructure we have. People would prefer migrating to a different state where they can provide better infrastructure. Driving 2 hours to cover 7 kms is the state of roads and traffic we are in now and we are planning for 2031 ????  when the authorities couldn't solve issues all these years, what will they do in 2031? so, all this master plan seems so fake... and there is no substance in this. sorry. 
15- if it implemented in time matters more.
16- The earliar CDP has not been implemeted with respect to Road widening, and you change in the new CDP you have made broder just to harass without sintific approach and practically seeing the situation of the roads proposed width and where it statrs and ends.
17- - Nothing mentioned on the types of buses. Will the current buses be upgrated? They are a nightmare in terms of pollution, danger to travelers and other riders, and roads.    - Can we look at a card system for public transports such as bus and metro like Singapore or Paris? Reduces the need for a conductor and more convenient for users and there is absolutely no need to carry change!
18- Overall development plan looks good. But still oriented towards meeting the traffic density. The focus on reducing personal vehicle usage has to be made more clear. Cycle lanes, share transport has to be addressed clearly. Also the BMTC has to become more tech and introduce smaller buses instead big body buses .  Parking has to be made more clear and city to generate more revenue from parking. 
19- pls make Good roads wide roads ,and also nice transport system like suburban train.
20- Basic facilities needs to be proper
21- Problem: Main problem is BMTC stops on main roads. They stop anywhere and do rash driving. Suggestion: Construct nice bus stops every 5km with bicycle to rent. No stop of BMTC bus every few meters on main road. Strictly follow lane rules Better to have seperate road oy for BMTC bus. 
22- Maximum road are in Bangalore 80 to 100 Feets only. In respect of population increased in Bangalore development is zero.
23- Join the remaining part of nice road to reduce the the traffic flow in City.
24- There needs to be more focus on existing infrastructiure
25- Any new residential or commercial development needs to have traffic assessment done and approved. Approvals should consider infrastructure to accommodate new traffic generated by development and if infrastructure can handle it. Capability of the development to accommodate parking within itself should also be given prime importance.
26- Road quality has to be ensured when giving contracts to contractors . All agencies like BWSSB, BBMP, KPTCL, traffic police , Namma metro have to work together to ensure newly laid roads are not digged . There should be ban of minimum 18 months once a road is relaid . This should ensure better coordination among these agencies .
27- Please expedite Metro/Tram/SkyRail/Pods projects to improve reliable long distance public commute by studying effecting implementation in other developing cities like Bangkok and Singapore. Have strict enforcement of traffic rules by using technology. Make using public transport convenient by using selfcheckin kiosks using unified payment cards and having vending machines for same, for all means of transport. Design traffic with essentials on the way like parks, hospitals, schools etc so that everyone uses public transport for such amenities. 
28- Auto should run on sharing basis only and no private auto. Stop to stop sharing auto like Kolkata.
29- (1) Like most cities in the world and now New Delhi, the metro and Bus must use pre-loaded smart cards for seamless travel. (2) Also Metro terminals must have seamless integration with Railway stations for ease of movement. Byiappanahlli must become a new Bengaluru east terminal and the (3) Bus terminal built next to it must be become operational for outstations buses. (4) Buses must not stop at the base of flyovers or bridges causing inconvenience to commuters and potential accidents.
30- Make railway Line along outermosy ring road. This is very cost effective
31- I am concerned about all the new construction and whether it will cause more traffic than is already there. BBMP has to find a way to do that somehow. 
32- Metro needs to connect KIAL, Cantt station, ITPL and KR Puram
33- The issue for our population is maintaining the cleanliness of all of these facilities, namely footpaths and cycle paths. 
34- A well implementation of discipline will help a better commuting.  1. Strict enforcement of traffic laws. 2. Parking/ No Parking Zones defined should be strictly controlled. 3. Enforce people to follow lanes strictly 4. Make roadside parking only with payment to BDA/ BBMP 5. Promote paid parking in areas where sufficient parking spaces are not available. Provide expert agencies to handle paid parking. 6. Traffic violators should be tracked - both vehicle number and licence number. 7. Recommend to increase the insurance premium in the subsequent premium payment for violators.  Implementation of these international rules will improve the journey speed.
35- Focus on smart and efficient public transport will encourage people to not bring their cars on the road. So focus must be on that.
36- Land acquisition policy should be given 45 days deadline with immediate release of money to private owners or else inflation and appreciation value will be concern. And all contractors should come under transparent rating system and new contracts it should be awarded only if ranking improves.
37- Bengaluru badly require a cycling track from btm to itpl to check pollution, traffic and also it keeps people fit
38- Build fly overs and under passes to have a smooth ride. Avoid parking on roads.
39- The last mile from metro needs to be addressed with different methods. One of them could be to provide huge 2 wheeler parking space at metro stations. We are predominantly a 2 wheeler majority country. If this characteristic of the population is used effectively, this can be a high impact solution to the traffic issue. People will start using metro by default, bringing down the traffic congestion.
40- The most common sight on the road is of the slowest moving vehicles like autos, goods vehicles, LORRIES, CONTAINER LORRIES, All driving on the right side of the road. This causes a huge disrupsency to the traffic. The right side is for the fast moving vehicles. The slow moving traffic should stay on the left. Bangalore traffic does a good job to catch those vehicles that are overspeeding but what about those who go very slowly and cause traffic block to everyone else. That is equally important. Please fine the people causing traffic jams as well. Without these steps, our city will never be congestion free. It’s a shame that the first thing that anyone relates to when they think of Bangalore is the traffic jams here. It’s very sad to hear as a bangalore citizen. Without some strict actions being taken, we will spend most of our lives sitting in traffic jams and wasting time.   I am sure there will be good agencies available to help in finding ways to reduce traffic jams in our city. That is the need of the hour currently. Please take it seriously. 
41- Make White topping on priority to all arterial roads, completion by 2020. Strict implementation of no commercial estabilishment on roads less than 40ft width. Pod Taxis to completed as announced. No road works to be initiated without informing local public 15 days prior to the start by Gazette notification, posters, news articles. Rules to made to implement it with spirit of law. Respective authorities to work with local RWA for all road works. Engineer and contractor to be held responsible for finished roads, for upto 3 years.
42- Rather than stopping vehicle in the middle of the road and taking key from the vehicle Traffic police should me more friendly to all.But in the same they should be strict and should impose huge fines to one and all who violates traffic rules. Allow BMTC and department  approved vehicles during peak time which will reduce traffic upto an extent Put more buses on track where it feels more commuters traveling.
43- Plz Make Some Alternate Ways. Until th Project gets Completed. Vry HelpFull..
44- natural is must need if fallow the onether countery our land will get lose you oeople must think the saftey and natural
45- Especially for ladies there should be separate lane for driving zone and gents also separate driving zone. it will be helpfull for smooth driving. 
46- Need a quick effort from the authorities. I recommend taking a drastic action to reduce the number of vehicles in the city (including the peripheral roads) by the following recommendations: 1) impose a restriction / heavy permit charge for vehicles entering the city area 2) introduce more buses and streamline the flow - make the buses also bound by laws, dedicated bus lanes, no overtaking, speeding etc. 3) restrict movement of large vehicles, but prioritize those needed to move the infra development effort faster
47- There are lot of inner roads like Haralur road developed a lot. Those roads are should be expanded and a frequent public transportation also should start
48- There is no mention of multi level parkings being planned. BDA owns so many buildings and if properly planned they could add atleast 2 floors of parking which could save space on the road. Currently we see 30% of the road used for parking
49- Traffic management is worst and most of people don't obey the rules. Please take it serious and implement a good solution. For 2 KMs, it take 30 mins on so many routes.
50- Please plan well for diversions before construction of roads. And the pace of work to be fast for diversion at important roads. 
51- The existing flyover construction is very unscientific and requires a proper planning. We leave space in the centre and on the side both being under utilised. Without either being used properly. Both are clogging the traffic. We still continue building such flyovers all over the ring roads.
52- Traffic is the biggest challenge for all Bangaloreans. The state government should work at a war footing speed to resolve the burning  problem we Bangaloreans face every day. The government apathy and insensitive further worsen the situation. 
53- Information above is far from reality, just we have to imagine, mainly many roads have to be potholes free, signals should be free from waiting for hours, many flyovers and underpass have to be constructed.
54- All deisel vechiles and buses should be immeditly replaced either with CNG or electric buses/cars/scooters, This is creating huge pollution in traffic. Metro rail work should speed up with frequent connectivity to all TECH parks either on road or underground nearly 50per traffic will be controlled. People should be encouraged more to use public trasnport and also Banglore should come up with a policy for all pvt Companies to mandidatorily use public services than individual pvt vehicles.  
55- No matter how many metro will be constructed, according to data, everyday 122 to 1600 new vehicle registrations happen in Bangalore. Personal cars should be mandated for pooling and no single travel per car.
56- When new roads are built, then proper Lane signs are to be drawn. The same as well should be done for existing roads. Following Lane discipline should be followed as a strict rule for all drivers. BMTC bus drivers must be highly educated on following disciplines. Majority are traffic pile up starts in the Bus stops. Bus drivers should following exact timings on when the trip should start, to avoid ending up with 4-5 busses at the same time in a single bus stop. The roads should be widened along the bus stops with dedicated space for buses to pick/drop passengers. Private buses should not be given permission to conducted bus services. They stop whenever and wherever they want to pick passengers, which adds more fuel to the traffic chaos.
57- Sir / Madam  The plan is good but it is mentioned for only ring road where in we have lots of traffic problem  in ulsoor area also the roads are narrow  and now it has become four side lane road so is their any possibility to look into the expansion of road in ulsoor area near the gurdwara
58- We have necessary traffic rules but the public does not have the discipline to follow the rules. Driving license is given to people who have no understanding of traffic rules. and road signs. Parked vehicles take away half of some of our narrow roads. It is extremely frustrating to commute every day to work and back with many hours stuck in traffic  in highly polluted roads. Can we encourage our young people to use bicycles but also provide safe road to ride. I find it extremely difficult to cross a road. The vehicles are not aware of the Zebra lines. Pedestrians do get injured by vehicles.   A patient in an Ambulance has to be considered as the V V V V I P - all vehicles no matter who is in it should give way to the Ambulance.  
59- 1.   Choose atleast 6 roads running north to South (one example KAMARAJ Road which runs from Chandapurar in south to other end or north Bangalore) and 6 roads running East to West (Example M.G. Road running from Hoskote to Nelamangala) making a square net work.  2.   Declare TDR and give a good rate of not less than 3 times the Land area and even upto 4 or 5 times to lure land owners to easily opt for vacating and surrendering the Land. The bureaucrats are spoiling the scheme by suggesting 1.25/ 1.5 etc as if the Government is paying from its own pockets. 3.    Please expand the Roads to 200 Ft. wide 16 to 20 lane roads, with continuous signal free  provisions for vehicles to freely and quickly move. All cross roads to be over or under these 150 Ft. wide roads. This is the cheapest and positive way of solving traffic since it does not cause the exchequer much as compared to Bridges and Flyovers. Every one will immediately after leaving their houses heading for their destination, will take one of these 200ft roads and exit from these roads at  the nearest point of destinations. 4.   While acquiring land  Please make provision for additional land to create parking infrastructure at several places.  5. These Roads should provide for minimum 8 = 8 lanes of preferably 10 = 10 lanes in which devoted lanes for police and ambulance vehicles, separate lanes for public transport vehicles including KSRTC and BMTC vehicles should be made.  
60- The local BMTC count should not be increase so much. Karnataka Transport Department has proposed slab rates based on the cost of the car, this is not good. Government should not fix these rates I feel. We should try to make use the existing railway tracks to start local trains wherever possible with in Bangalore. Strict punishment or fine should be put on those who are breaking traffic rules. Government should make more Mobile apps and websites so that Public can post complaints if they see somebody breaking the traffic rules.
61- Get some real engineers 
62- Spending on ring roads and signal free corridors and ramp intersections is one thing, enforcing traffic rules and making sure that it is strictly followed is another. There needs to be more focus on better planned roads and pavements - yes but equal focus must be given towards improving traffic police conditions and more traffic patrolling to ensure that rules are followed. Stricter motor vehicle license tests and proper training for public transport vehicle operators, drivers and private cabs must be put in place along with clear speed limit signs throughout the road network. Not to forget clear lane markings, proper maintenance of roads and making sure that the road works are carried out effectively is also essential and severely lacking at the moment. Parking management is again very crucial. Illegal parking on junctions with underpasses and street markets that are illegally set up on pavements and other main roads must be discouraged with pro-activeness. Also, most new areas that are developed have no proper planning of roads - most cross roads are dead-ends and have no adequate connectivity. There must be properly designed footpaths for pedestrians to encourage local commute on foot for short trips. With dead-end roads without allowance for even foot journey, the most convenient choice is obviously personal vehicles. Lack of parking facilities means vehicles are parked on roads blocking traffic movement and hence more congestion. Restricting parking without providing alternatives is a pointless thing to do. Enforcing these basic things and emphasis on pedestrian and cycle commutes are a great way to build smart cities.
63- As the bangalore population keeps on increasing we need to focus on proper usage of existing road infrastructure. Heavy rules and fines  need to be imposed on people not following it. Infrastructure need to be made to support rules. Make mini BMTC buses to easy maneuverability. Have good lane discipline. Create right infra to avoid traffic on merging and dividing traffic. Put more traffic places in high congestion areas all over bangalore. 
64- As long as there is an inconsistency on road widths (lanes), you will be creating bottle necks. Which are one of the major cause of traffic. Similarly every major junction, flyover, underpass, bridge, signal.... a bus stop is provided right after or before these places. public stand covering half of the road, then autos stand at bus stops, forcing buses to stop in middle of the road... all this adds to the traffic snarls.  In addition to these proper pedestrian crossings are not provided to public, forcing them to take risky route to cross. Even after all this problem wont be solved, unless proper education is not given to citizen. Hope these suggestions help Bengaluru in making a world class city
65- Need strict implementation of obeying traffic rules, keeping the lane. Sometimes traffic signals causes jams. Every signal needs to be studied to see if it is causing jam, how many actual seconds of each lane traffic and pedestrian crossing is required. This can avoid unnecessary jams at the signals.
66- Safety of pedestrians should be given utmost importance, which is not the case today in Bangalore. All roads in the city must have continuous footpaths. No road in the city shall be built without footpaths (in places where there is a need for walking). Footpath should be included as a primary part of road construction. It should be like, road = road for vehicles + footpath. Please see the examples from developed countries. If you take up Germany as an example, a person can walk safely and without getting mud on the shoes almost anywhere in German cities. City development should be from a pedestrian first approach. Only then will people try to use public transport more. There should be safe road crossing facilities in all roads at locations where people need it.  Also please do not try to force impractical traffic rules. Traffic rules should be for the benefit of all, not for fining people more.  Thank you!
67- I am not giving feedback on the masterplan. I am just giving my opinion. Actually new houses are being built with 3+ floors without any car parking and the tenants are parking on the road which causes a big inconvenience to the residences. Road is for driving and not parking. Why can't they build a house with car parking. Why is the BBMP silent on these matters?. 
68- There is nothing innovative in the proposal. I propose that we mark U-turn  lanes wherever possible. Also, lot of traffic jams in smaller roads happen because there is no traffic light. Since having traffic light at every intersection is not a possibility, we should implement stop signs that allow traffic from all sides to take turn and progress instead of the current situation of drivers trying to muscle their way through.   We need to recruit more traffic police for better enforcement of traffic rules. The traffic police should be respected and violators should fear them.
69- These measures would be of little help. There should be an exclusive elevated Express way to International Airport wherein people from all parts of the city can converage into this expressway. Current route is going to explode in the next few years. 2-3 Express ways would be advisable. One from Marathahalli-Whitefield side and another from MG road.and one from Tumkur Road.
70- Penalty for traffic offences should be increased at least 3-fold from present rates  to let the public know that they need to maintain traffic discipline.
71- Stop Road parking
72- Majority of the traffic issues are due to poor driving skills and not following traffic discipline 
73- no planning at all just flyovers wont help before giving permission to the new it hubs think about all the factors 
74- how is the current traffic situation being handled while new development happens? I already see the white topping and the metro development is triggering gaping holes and ensuring roads are clogged throughout the day.  Atleast, plan things in a way that all the development does not happen at once and you pick things up in parts. so that the impact is regionalised and people can opt for alternate routes.
75- Traffic rules not enforced. Two wheelers are the worst violators. Wrong side driving,no helmet, unlicensed youngsters driving with 3 or more passengers, signal violatio etc. ,Violation occurs in front of policemen. 
76- Smaller electric buses from metro stations will help to meet last mile connectivity issues
77- Dissatisfied
78- Pvt cabs should be banned
79- Well as you have mentioned regarding building hubs for heavy vehicles outside the city is a good plan.I would like to mention about the problems caused to the ambulances as well.Well its hard to construct a separate lane for ambulance, especially within the city.So how about painting one side of the road with one color which should be cleared by the people for an ambulance when it comes with a loud siren.which avoids confusion among people i.e, which side of the road to is to be left for the ambulance.Well i ain't know that how cool is this suggestion but at least a cop present there(at the signal) should clear the road in well advance for the ambulance in well advance and report to the next signal. Vip and politicians do get such road clearance right? Not much difference between them and an ambulance both are in hurry and also worried about their life.
80- Tree conservation and road expansion doesn't hold good together. How do they maintain a balance? And more sky walks on fast moving roads such as Ring Roads and Airport roads along with barricades on the divider. 
81- Repair and better quality roads must be laid. To have a porthole free road in Bangalore must be priority one of any administration. Garbage collection and prevention of dumping materials and garbage on roads and public area. 
82- Adoption of smart traffic road
83- It should be made mandatory for all BMTC buses to stop only at the designated bus shelter. the drivers should be strictly penalized for stopping at the wrong place. Automatic card reader should be installed at the front door and only from the front door the passengers must alight the but and get down from the rear side
84- Well it's a nice plan but it's not going to stop the traffic because people never stop buying vehicles it's better government restrict more vehicles,buy increasing the road tax(well every one has a car even if there annual income is below 6lakhs).I think government has to restrict buying of cars below certain income so that it may reduce the traffic and environment pollution
85- Roads must be we'll maintained and no promise regarding that has been given and must be ensured so that private cars also don't face any hassle
86- Plz stick with your plan for traffic free Bangalore and  you must expand local area too 
87- Traffic problems make our lifes in HELL.Mainly this is due to the absense\not assigned traffic polices in some areas .Traiffic polices present in main roads and can see them only in first and last week of every months(might be showing or meeting their targets)
88- Despite what is the popular trend, the bulk of India's traffic is on two wheelers. Our climate allows it and it is also a good compromise on affordability and flexibility. What is critically important is to make the roads safer for two wheelers. Few suggestions: 1. Create two-wheelers only lanes on main roads. Do not allow cars or other heavy vehicles in those areas 2. No two wheelers allowed in other lanes. It is for their safety as well 3. Additional safety measures to prevent serious injuries from accidents - shatter proof strong plastic shield in front, storage baskets for luggage, bike lane limited to vehicles 200 CC or lesser
89- Good traffic management
90- You have ignored the prominent issues, There should be flyover from Hope farm till varthur kodi , also from Varthur kodi to cross Varthur. Its already saturated and government is planning to widen the road of varthur to varthur kodi. It will not solve the purpose. I think 1 flyover can solve this problem at varthur kodi junction.  Flyover from Hope farm till varthur kodi if you are thinking of future else it will be mess as you might build just bridge or underpass at hope farm, it will solve the short term problem not the long term. Density of popluation in whitefield working in IT/ITES/ manufacturing is quite high. You need to think ahead of 10 years.  I felt bad when i see the current situation where even 1 underpass at kundlahalli takes years . How will you achieve the infra problem.  There should be peripheral metro also to connect the city which will solve 2 problems traffic, pollution . Like - Whitefield to Electronic city, Electronic city to Nagwara, and hebal to whitefield. That is the only way to control the traffic mess.  You also need to implement other feeder systems like Rapid transport . I am sure people are ready to pay as we know the everyday struggle to reach to office.  Few proposals you should pay attention rather than discarding :)  1. Peripheral metro to connect the city as city expand , it will be more mess. That one should not ignore. ( This is the best solution to solve long term problem not the roads) 2. Build Nice road - Electronic city to Whitefield and whitefield to Hebal.  3. Flyover from hope farm to varthur kodi to Varthur  , It getting messier 4.Rapid transport - Pod taxis - ( it can be implemented at congested places)- Proposed but need some action on ground.  5. More training to traffic cops as i find them uneducated about the congestion of traffic.  6. Kundlahalli junction underpass pending from last 5 years ( if we cant build 1 flyover ,how we will improve the infra )  7. Underpass or overbridge at yamlur signal. Its not managable by traffic cops now. I am sure no one paid the attention also.  8. Tin factory - k.r. puram till 100 feet road indranagar, ( need to have less signals )   9.Also underpass at HAL signal ,ISRO signal and Leela palace . It is proposed but need to be implemented quickly otherwise it will loose its importance.    I stay in this part of city east part of city and travel to Indranagar from Whitefield.  These are few suggestions which you can look upon. 
91- Thanks Very good plan with detailed overview
92- With the plan on paper, it's a good plan. The the problem arises in the implementation of the plan. The progress speed and the quality of work provided. We should aim that whatever is being constructed now, may it be roads or anything should easily last for next 20 years. That should be the aim, try to do all the work in the night time, so it's less traffic in the day time.
93- Roads are not good, speed breakers are not required because pot holes are doing the job well, this all makes the traffic slow, and road jams. No lighting, I was surprised a day seeing a street in Koramangala with no street lights.   If road will be well, traffic will run fast and there will be no jams.  Bangalore is pathetic city in India in terms of traffic management and roads development.
94- Firstly the traffic condition in our city is going worse. I think people are getting into our city more and more as time goes by. Well, it's high time for us to use electric vehicles. In this era the technology is being developed so well that I feel it's high time for us to shift to the eco friendly vehicles.. HEMP also produces fuel to the vehicle where the environment wouldn't be polluted so there is no need of petrol because it creates too much pollution compared to hemp fuel. Please government, please do take HEMP very seriously. IT CSN CHANGE THE ENTIRE WORLD.
95- My feedback is on metro people traffic. I recently saw a video on how people are stuffed into metro carriages...I feel it's a safety issue.... we need to get double decker metro trains from Silk Board to electronic city and from Silk Board to marhathahalli. we the the traffic from these IT zones will be crazy...we need to plan and get double decker trains for these routes. these double decker trains are currently available in Sydney Australia already. 
96- Should reduce the police checking in every corners.. that makes lot of traffic blocks as well. And build parking areas as well .. so that people won't park on roadside.. 
97- Parallely, we need to work on existing infrastructure also. Make a person on a self driven wheel chair the datum. He should be able to independently move around. Do our pavements and pedestrian crossings comply to this requirement?   Lane marking and signage to indicate, which lane to be maintained for the next turn/straight. Also mark out parking places on the road side.  Zebra crossings are mostly non-existent. Where they are, they end in a fence or a bush in the divider. Stop lines at red lights with the word STOP not marked.   Level of assurance of a penalty needs to be much higher. Presently it is so low that people can break the law and get away with it. We need to reduce the probability of getting away.   Doing future planning and creating new infrastructure is all good. But first take care of the existing.   Our biggest hinderance to traffic woes is the rate of traffic movement at a junction. We need to work towards increasing the average speed on a green light. Case in point being Marathahalli Bridge. There is no Red light, and the traffic is still clearing very slowly. Address problems like these first.
98- Heavy traffic
99- Bangalorean's perception of city traffic and use of road is like a villager's. It has not gone in to minds of people that this is a megacity and citizens have to behave responsibly. Traffic is a zoo in the city. Master Plan says increasing road density and number of buses. Previous master plans also did this. Did that help? We have ring roads smaller in width than side lanes. Ring roads on commercial complexes on either side. Mega marriage halls on ring roads with no parking basements. Basements in sanctioned plans but either no basement or that is used as shops with help of corrupt officials. BDA makes plan but BBMP sanctions plans for individual complexes, houses etc. My suggestion is start a massive campaign for educating public that this is a mega city and it is doomed if they drive and use private vehicles as they do now. Make parking expensive and put up banners for avoiding loud honks, driving without silencers, over speeding etc. On all main roads, close the medians so that erratic turning is avoided and make exit points atleast one km from each other. Make it compulsory for even high end schools to ferry children through school vans and prohibit their rich parents to ferry them in their Mercs, BMWs. 
100- Plan share vehicle policies for people traveling in same direction and start odd even day policy for 4 wheeler vehicle holders.
101- Old Road's development project are taken without planning for the existing traffic which is causing more problems, we'll pre-planned projects should be taken
102- BMTC bus as well as other buses body size does not fit to enter certain road. Recheck illegal body size of the buses.
103- This is good , but there is also a problem of signalling . It would be more helpful if signals are replaced by roundabouts like in Brazil , and the remaining signals be synchronised to avoid multiple stops on the same stretch of road 
104- The plan should have started by now and the time-frame of 15years is very long as Bangalore is exploding right now so why to wait for another 15 years for its recovery...
105- I do not agree with the proposal to widen roads with out stating how rehabilitation is budgeted and managed for people who will be negatively impacted. Land Acquisitions must follow the Namma Metro model or the Delhi Metro model to ensure that people voluntarily and happily give away the properties for the larger interest of the city. But not by imposing paltry compensation or notional compensation
106- Setting up metros,more buses etc all are a great initiative however when lane discipline isn't maintained the traffic congestion is bound to happen.Lane disciple does not only mean the vehicle movement in a single lane but also parking if buses in allocated bus stops.illogical u turns made by commuters.Lane discipline should be enforced as a hard n fast rule and fines slapped to the impatient drivers 
107- 1.  Busstops in highways are not properly designed , there is no space to stop 2-3 buses at a time which in turn leads to buses stopping in roads for passengers in a way  obstructing moving traffic.  This emphasis the need of redesigning busstops so that buses don't obstruct traffic. 2. Large amount of work force works in electronic city and it is fast developing. Nearest railway station is 25 km away and in Current traffic and railway stations. Developing railway stations near electronic city and push for more trains to stop allow stops there will help .
108- Please bring some strict actions and rules so that in one home only one car and one 2 wheeler to be used which in turn reduces the traffic as there would be no one using a car for a single occupancy.
109- All page numbers are wrongly mentioned
110- Please fast track the metro project. All the new buses inducted in this city should be all electric and phase out the existing BMTC buses and allow only electric buses for environment goodness. By 2031 no cars on Bangalore's street should be of fossil fuel users. I think mtero connectivity is very necessary to resolve traffic problem. Try to connect all the areas with metro.   And one most important thing all the new metro project should be under ground PLEASE. This is good for environment.  One other way to resolve traffic issues is by scalling up the adjacent  small cities of Bangalore. Don't over crowed Bangalore likes of Delhi Kolkata and Mumbai. Please.
111- Nice plan! But it has to be implemented as it is. I highly doubt the above plan would be implemented in the way it is as of now 
112- Mini buses should be introduced by BMTC to cater around all metro rail stations within radius of 3 to 5 km.so that it can cover all narrow roads.This will reduce the noice and other polutions of auto and two wheelers,.if CNG or electric mini buses are used.
113- There seems to be no article about signal free junctions for current peak traffic areas
114- Connect metro rail to every corner
115- Very poor planning in case of construction as well as quality of roads. Hopefully whitetopping will do what you promise. But poor planning the roads are horrible and the bottleneck in kalyan Nagar area is very very bad.
116- Traffic issue in bengaluru is well known issue to the whole world, we must work towards resolution. I admit we cannot get rid of it but if we don't act now then there will be never ending for this issue. Bangalore should be back to it's form.
117- The planned activities for 2031 should have been available by now. These won't be enough to suffice the future traffic issues.  - More connectivity with monorail to the metro stations from internal areas. - Signal free junctions within the city. Better connectivity to the IT corridors  are required . - Parking issues - smart system for parking and more parking stations at various locations across the city required - Initiative to move to e-bikes electric vehicles, smart sharing of automobile, better public transport.  - Innovative and futuristic technologies like Bullet trains, hyperloop to connect to satellite towns and citues to Bengaluru
118- If it is implemented the way they have planned ..... its just awesome 
119- You need to regulate the effective way of monitoring the traffic violates, have a heavy spot fine , have a massive check on sound pollution and emission check on all vehicles with a huge team including volunteer
120- Buses actually cause more traffic jam
121- This is to police officers plz follow the rules and help us to follow the rules  If rules r broke by the rides punishment r penalty should be given even if it is a high officials 
122- We need metro trains all over the city. Also, it should be a little cheaper.
123- All these things are required and very good vision from the government. But construction of flyovers must be considered as the cause of delays are more because of jams at the road intersection / junction. More and more flyovers should be made.
124- metro work is done very slowly.    due to metro constructions there is always huge traffic in the city
125- Again to be implemented strictly 
126- I have one suggestion to avoid tragic at peak times  As you know long back Delhi gov tried to implement even odd rule which is not that successful, however in Bangalore it will not work and yet we want to overcome the issue Here is my suggestion   We can try to implement 1car min 2persons at peak time, if any men coming in traffic alone in car then fine has to give and for women's you can just give warnings. from this we are trying to risk there freedom however if we try this only on trafficky areas like silk board etc   It will impact a lot and many empty cars will not come n struck in traffic, if they want to go office or home or some entertainment places they can go with there friends n family in 1 car.. And for worst case government can create one app so can the car owners can share there route in map if any riders are present they will get to ride in it for that if necessary involve money or some good credits like you did something to Bangalore u earn this something like that  One more advantage is we will get to save the petrol also 
127- Please make the development of roads a high priority, because it affects the economy badly and for the culture of the city. Broader roads to be built which would be future ready to randomly accommodate the increasing migration to this city.. Being a silicon valley of India... It should portray the development like any other world class foreign cities... And also metro connectivity to airport is to be planned like in kuala Lumpur where u can check in your luggage from your metro station and the luggage would directly reach the flight... These types of things would make life more easy
128- Provide if we are following and making it on or before time line.
129- Separate walkway for pedestrians and separate road for 2 wheelers should be provided in order to safeguard the people and avoid accidents which  also reduces traffic jams. And also cycling should be promoted more to reduce air pollution.
130- More than anything else main 2 things are to b kept in mind and implemented.  1. Foot over bridges to b made with a different design and with less number of steps on all the major traffic prone roads - but shd see that invariably lift or escalator is installed failing which the purpose of making the bridge will b defeated.  2. Almost all the main junctions where 3 or 4 roads meet traffic signals are to b installed with proper syscronization and with sensors to automatically change the lights if traffic is less at any point of time . In addition to this there shd b pedestrian crossing signals which again will b syscronized with the main traffic signals. Lastly if at all they r planning to reduce the congestion , like in other countries flyovers are to b built in above the other to lead the traffic to different destinations 
131- Discourage private vehicle use. Improve public transport systems. Revive 2 way traffic wherever feasible.(London roads are narrow but traffic is 2 way). Rationalise 1 way traffic directions - e.g. - interchange 1 way directions of Margosa & Sampige roads, Malleshwaram. Provide emergency vehicles lane across city bypassing congested zones. Bar hawkers from roads. Implement traffic rules with CCTV surveillance. Encourage bicycles with dedicated lanes. Provide pedestrian space, ensure safety.
132- Different bus terminals and truck terminals are ok. but the reason for traffic here in Bengaluru is the travellers are not following the traffic the traffic rules. Due to some extend the cops are not doing there proper work. Fine should be imposed heavily to make traffic rules compulsory. Make all these vehicles to follow the path & use proper indicators , Use more patrol to make the public must follow traffic rules. Make a toll free number where a person can call and update on the issue over traffic and alone and the department has to reach the place within 5min of time.
133- Always getting stuck in traffic
134- Construction is needed. More work on flyovers and metro should be done to reduce the traffic
135- Better planning needed
136- Widen the existing roads. Build more flyovers and under passes.syncronice the traffic signals. Aspalting and maintain periodically.
137- Instead of flyover and bridges we need more of underpass and wide roads with tree plantation
138- Put a rule that single person can't travel in car during traffic hours 
139- Please ban honking in Bangalore and make Lane disciple mandatory. Also heavy penalties like 2 warnings and 3rd time wrong doer license cancelled for life and no alternative. Life ban on driving for people involved in accidents even a minor one. 
140- The Master Plan 2031 brought out by the BDA and citizens is very comprehensive and covers all the aspects that one can think of. But I do feel that the number of proposed public playgrounds and sporting facilities does fall short in number, considering the expected population of Bangalore in 2031.
141- Well, Bangalore is growing tremendously without any doubt. But still proper Engineering is required to avoid traffic. Proper flyovers underpass metro stations etc.
142- No proper roads, cabs parks where ever they want, that creates traffic jam
143- First increase the width of the inner roads. Do not care for votes. This is very much required. Acquire the land and increase the road size to 40 ft. Also do not give permission to people build houses next to each other. As a mandate, everyone has to leave 3 ft all around their plot. It looks ugly there. pls acquire don't hear the public. You guys stop taking bribes and concentrate and pay the people wherever the land is acquired. Things will get in order.
144- Ramamurthinagar nagar Channasandra bridge is a known place for traffic jam and there was a plan proposed for parallel bridge but it is not initiated .  Even other areas like KR PURAM , MARATHAHALLI , 
145- To avoid traffic Road should be widend also reducing unnecessary humps nd making sufficient parking 
146- This master needs to be corrected -like bringing highly sustainable and fast moving rapid transit system with high carrying capacity 
147- A railway under pass required in kanaka nagar area, nearly  30000 vehicles run every day the road connecting veerannapalya mayata tech park and RT Nagar which is creating huge traffic jam for hours when the railway gate is closed. 
148- I installed app and sent pics of wrong parking vehicles. Still i can find a different vehicles daily(since 1 year) at the same place. I think this move is waste of time for Citizens.
149- The traffic authorities should also be involved actively to introduce penalties offences that are not currently in place. The authorities must also put an effort in booking the offenders. Lot of traffic jams happen because of lane disciplines not being followed, signals being jumped and people flouting many such traffic rules. Greater effort should be put in identifying such offences and the penalty amounts for such offences must be made very steep. The licenses of repeat offenders must be suspended. 
150- The focus should be on traffic flow rather than road widening which is a never ending cycle. If people drive in wrong direction and don't follow lanes for turning left or right then any length of width of roads is insufficient. There should be a drive to educate people and enforcement to follow traffic rules. The speed of vehicular movement is slowed down by unauthorized parking on any spot including near the turns, pedestrians crossing every where, vehicles coming in wrong direction, vehicle turning right from the left most lane and left from the right most lane leading to chaos on turnings, very slow movement on traffic signals, un-managed auto movements in every direction. The planned infrastructure looks good on paper but it cannot be sustained without people participation and for that discipline and enforcement is the basic need that is prevalent in every developed country except in India. The master plan should also include a chapter how they plan to handle this basic issue which will increase further with additional number of vehicles on road if not tackled properly. In that case any amount of modern infrastructure will just add to chaos on the roads.  Also, when granting permission to build multistory apartments on narrow lanes of the outer areas, capacity of the roads should be measured and only appropriate number of buildings be allowed or the road capacity should be increased beforehand as it is next to impossible to demolish and residential apartment or other buildings at a later stage and residents have to suffer the never ending traffic blockages throughout the day.  There is no mention of handling this issue in the plan. You may have multiple ring roads but if the roads connecting to these and and other major roads in the city are so congested it will take hours to reach the main roads from small narrow by lanes. There is no concept of parallel roads in Bangalore and everyone has to pass through same main road example outer ring road or Whitefield road and all other roads leading to these are very narrow.
151- There should be a stronger Rail (Metro) connectivity across the City
152- City has congestion at junctions, they need be redesigned to allow the free flow of traffic.  I see no provision for it in the master plan
153- Widen roads in CBD (like cottonpet & Avenue road)
154- Plan Is good but it should not be in paper. Implementation should be properly executed  and should be maintained. But still it looks dream 
155- Along with traffic need to control how permission is given to construct new places with no amenities to park the traffic is a major issue that would also mean enough roads
156- Please do not even consider building one way flyovers. Public transport needs to improve heavily.
157- Check on feeder busses and metro too
158- Why don’t MNC companies stop giving parking slots for the employees who are getting their own cars and ask them to use public transport or car pooling.
159- Roads need to maintain well then link roads may be help to control traffic wherever it is necessary...
160- The roads are very narrow and the vehicles are so more that the road gets blocked and it gets jammed at Hebbal flyover...not only here but many other place and too...so firstly I would like to suggest to widen the roads 
161- Peripheral ring road has been in the pipeline for ever.. metro construction has been at snails pace.. plan for 30 years ahead... 
162- I am  suggesting decongest many roads like hebbal and many roads to decongest many roads from city to airport to city and vic a versa
163- 1. Metro work should be expedited. Its a very slow process which is actually the main cause of traffic. Area which needs the metro to be completed fast. eg near the whitefield phase to be completed on priority While the work is being done, there has to be alternate plans for diverting the traffic which the govt should have planned for. Every Metro phase completion atleat takes 5-6 years. I guess, we should have done a better job there.   2. The BBMP work on the road repairs is again pain point. the repairs takes 2-3 months to complete. We do not see people working at all no matter at what time of the day you come in there. (eg: JP nagar. signal Near Nandini hotel). Same is the case with laying a drainage line. does it really take 2 months to complete?  3. Closing all the potholes to be done much early in the year. this activity is take up just before the rains  and it hardly lasts for 3 -4 monts.  
164- Not a convincing plan. Too good to be true. 
165- Increasing BMTC busses to 15K will surely help public transport domain, but on the other hand this will lead to traffic blocks. As you see Outer Ring Road and most of  the roads in Bangalore, 80% of the traffic is caused by BMTC busses as they don't follow the rules.  Lets take ORR first, BMTC bus stops are on the roads. These busses does not moved to the sides when they stop. During peak traffic hours, even if the bus stop on the side on the ORR, there will be huge traffic congestion.  One solution for the problem is to make ORR free from BMTC busses, and to have proper connective of service roads in ORR. Once that's done, all BMTC busses  can run via service roads and make free traffic flow on ORR. This will help to reduce traffic to a great extend 
166- Before any organization touches any road for digging/repair, they need to have Traffic police plan and clearance. Currently Traffic is mess as White topping, BWSSB work, GAIL pipeline all are going together. Who makes plan like this with all together. Traffic police have their hands full. Yesterday all road going out of Babusapalya were blocked due to that. Who takes ownership of traffic???
167- 1. If people/commuter can identify and alarm the system, for the offenders, a lot of violation can be taken care. e.g, I can capture (video etc.) and upload to the authority and they penalizes the offender, basis the offense done. This way a personnel need not be deployed on junctions and breathe smoke. 2. If the bus/auto stands can be moved out of roads, probably on an elevated station, out of the roads can avoid stopping/slowing of traffic, this can also help authority to do away of the speed breakers. 3. A lot of vehicles, mostly cab drivers, drives on high beam on their headlights which causes a lot of distraction for the fellow commuters. 4. Riders/Drivers should be educated on usage of horns, many honks without any reason and causes distress for the fellow commuters.  Can explain all these points and many more in details, if these are worth a workable points 
168- Plan is good but it has to be implemented on warfooting as everyday I spend around 3 to 4 hrs only in commuting
169- While so much is being done for us, we as a citizen should also have responsibility. What is the measure taken to stop citizens from following wrong traffic rules like going on one ways, talking on mobile while in a two wheeler, not following signals. How do we change the mindset. People only want to rush irrespective of what happens behind them. They have an attitude of I hv to move front, I am not bothered about the rest. By following basic rules, most of the problems are sorted
170- More emphasis of public transportation and suburban trains to reduce private vehicular movement. Wider, well maintained, pot-hole free roads which are safe to drive
171- These BMTC buses always stops at diagonal of the road blocking all the traffic, yes ALL the traffic that too at junction which is very painful. You dont need to wait till 2031 or new busstation to fix this small issues as it needs small education and tight monitoring of the driver patterns.
172- Better roads and faster completion of ongoing project 
173- Accidents happen to the active breadwinner of the family, loss of such life spells a disaster for the family. 1. Strict enforcement of traffic rules and violaters should be penalized. 2. CCTV at all points and ward wise traffic control rooms, thereby minimising the physical need for traffic constables. 3. Educating all the drivers while procuring the license itself which should be made compulsory and visits to Hospital or video recording of accident victims. 4. Lane discipline should be followed. 5. Roads should be of good standards, proper warning to be displayed if there were some repairs of the roads or potholes. 6. Cases of traffic violation to be disposed off as soon as possible, long delay in judiciary is bound to embolden the offenders. 8. Roads should have prelaid pipes for cables and water or drain , or gas pipes, frequent digging to be avoided. 8. Any digging subsequent to proper laying of the road should be penalized or the charges levied for such activity should be so high that it itself will be deterrent.
174- Horrible traffic with worst management
175- Better connectivity and cheaper transportation charges. More buses to be introduced 
176- Driving- Roads do not have markings for lane driving, dividers etc.? We need road markers. Safety- For the safety of all road users (young and elderly) we need proper coverage of CCTVs so that any incident can be traced back to the vehicle and its perpetrators. Traffic rules: Most drivers follow traffic rule- but more recently it has become a fashion to jump signals and many people ride their bikes on the footpath especially if they are late. No one should be doing such things in civilised societies. I wonder how authorities are letting this happen without any strict fines/punishments. A number of lives can be saved in such instances. Speed limits: All of Bangalore should have speed limits- clearly indicated and strictly enforced. In and around Educational institutions, public offices, hospitals and many other crowded places should see speed reduction. Let us give people the priority. Horn usage: Heavy fines should be enforced on drivers using horns! Horns must be banned within the city limits- everyone needs to get somewhere, so using a horn to express agony in traffic is ridiculous bullying behaviour. Spitting on Roads: All road users should be fined heavily for dirtying common spaces in the form of spitting and other atrocities! Autos: Autos are the face of Bangalore, they must be taught discipline when it comes to using his meters, driving safely, reliability and language. They must follow lane traffic.
177- Expanding roads and building ring road is fine but the problem is maintainance of the roads. After the roads are built people dig/cut the roads which creates delays and traffic in addition to degrading the aesthetic view of the city. There should be some rules for digging/cutting the roads. Heavy fines should be imposed on the violators.
178- It is not very clear in what way they are going to widen the roads identified in the master plan. What is the strategy to curb construction of multistory complexes and the  traffic generated by them adding chaos and traffic jams (example: Manyata park and other such IT complexes). In order to reduce congestion it is very important to decentralize the activity centers like whole sale markets, vegetable markets, other such activities. There is not much information of traffic management systems.
179- Please provide a forum where we can track what all changes are being made, who is accountable for it, what is the budget 
180- No amount of infrastructure improvements will help WITHOUT infrastructure efforts to improve COMPLIANCE with rules and safe driving practices
181- Please put a traffic cameras to study the traffic conditions, all traffic lights timeouts should be based on real time feeds and not on time based timeouts, this only increases traffic, ensure that potholes are duly filled on time
182- Rules are not good way  
183- Dissatisfied
184- road dividers should not be opened in between to ramp up city speed. this in mid road dividers results in traffic due to no signals and no traffic controller.
185- Why can't the government think of improving railway network in and around Bangalore? Government should plan a comprehensive commuter rail network besides Namma Metro.
186- Build parking places at crowded areas, Bus stops should be shifted from main road to inside lanes wherever possible so the main traffic doesn't stop. Strict action for blocking traffic for private buses and cabs. Most cabs are parked on roads which causes congestion. Encourage public transport by increasing bus/volvo connectivity. Right now there is no proper connectivity on Old madras road from TC palya. Make new roads via tech parks and societies wherever possible, only 2 entry exit roads to whitefield is causing sever issues while commuting to office.
187- Traffic and good roads go in parrallel, unscientific speed breakers need to be removed and regularized properly. For Eg: The speed breaker near Ashoka Pillar Jayanagar is near a 1 feet high!! Do not allow road digging after asphalting the roads, this is a pukka con job of the corporaters! 
188- One way to check traffic
189- not clear on how the existing ring roads will be expanded with constructions on both sides!
190- Half of the traffic related problems can be solved simply by providing good, long-lasting roads, and by completing all ongoing infrastructure tasks in a time-bound fashion. 
191- Involve BMRTC Namma metro and have their future plan, also NHAI for considering new highways..
192- If it is implemented properly then it is very good
193- Implement ODD EVEN rule 
194- Metro, Bus, Rail have to be integrated.. looking at current metro plan, wonder if any detail plan have been done as bus stations and rail stations are not integrated ..and commuters are forced to walk across with their luggage. So integration is important. 2. Keep cost of mass transport affordable (don't look at profit always).. by keeping cost, utilization will go up and this will automatically result in profit by increase volume and utilization and also traffic mess will be solved automatically. No mention of technology is seen here.. use sensors, cameras and intelligent traffic systems to streamline traffic, synchronize traffic lights and also have good pedestrian system. Most important, penalize traffic offenders heavily.. and without any corruption line Singapore and other countries. Drunken driving should result in minimum 10 years jail or more.. and traffic courts should function super efficiently and quickly.. 
195- We know that till today no Government has fast paced anything. This looks good after next 10 years or 15 years. Not immediate solution. The need of the hour is to stop particular vehicles causing congestion in heart of the city.  For example in Mumbai, Autos are not allowed in all areas. The areas where high class people reside does not require Auto to ply. You can restrict same in Bangalore.  Next big thing is Yellow Cabs. Permissions are given to any body who can start service. Latest to include is TGYR cabs other than Ola and Uber.  Traffic checking is very poor. People without license, pollution certificate are allowed to ply causing Air Pollution and rash/hapazard driving.  Please look into stream lining current problems rather than showing Master Plan.
196- Very bad
197- The question is of quick evacuation of traffic & how. Vehicular population will keep growing. So, we need multi layer uninterrupted traffic flow underground. This is an expensive solution, but is good for the next 25-50 years. Longer distance traffic will not disrupt short distance vehicles & vice versa. Entries/exits can be planned every km. Availability of space is not an issue at all. All areas under existing roads can be used & more. We don't have to cut down trees. In addition gardens & playing areas, garbage disposal, sewage treatment etc can be planned. PLASTIC SHOULD DEFINITELY BE BANNED.
198- I agrer with the points mentioned in documents mentioned above. But we should look and think out of the box to reduce traffic. Bengaluru is having very good channel of Rail Tracks. Its just we are not looking or considering that channel. We can  think of running local trains between stations on at least hourly or half hourly basis (like Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai etc.). This will reduce traffic on roads and will not incur extra costs of maintaining roads. Day by day population is increasing in Bengaluru. Local trains will help a lot not only today but in future also to reduce road traffic. 
199- Pl pay attention to pedestrians by providing underpasses at almost every junction, road crossings. We also need to have bmtc bus stands at least 100 meters away from traffic junction and it must be made compulsory for buses so stop at bus stops and not elsewhere. All vehicles including autos taxis should park at least 100 meters away from junction.  Alternate  routes near main routes need to be widened and developed to decongest the traffic. 
200- scope of lot of improvement is needed 
201- Traffic management is at an appalling state with crumbling infrastructure
202- It's not about increasing number of buses or roads , it's all about people's mindset and attitude. For example BMTC authorities should be more disciplined in sticking to schedules , routes , returning change , commuters must not use private vehicles if it is a single person. In such cases heavy toll must be charged..
203- The bridges should be integrated.  The bottlenecks/Slow moving places should be identified.  The signals should be integrated.  100% Camera surveillance should be implemented.  The local transport timing should be strictly implemented with technologies like GPS, cashless ticketing, IOT etc., which will enable to reduce the no. of individual vehicles in the city.  Online payment of toll gate should be implemented.  Speed breakers should be minimized scientifically.  Traffic violation should be handled strictly 
204- Traffic management should be organised. Lane disciplines, usage of skywalkers should be made mandatory. BMTC and all private buses should stop only at dedicated bus stops. Bus stops should be made in an extended portion of the roads. No stops should be allowed next to signals, next to start and end of flyovers or next to cross sections.
205- Its all in theory, wherez the metro to serve the IT crowd of todays bangalore. Peripheral ring road has been on paper for last 10 years, where is the action? What is the plan on nice road-stalled.. what is the plan for congestion and pot holed roads to drive on everyday. Parking charges is only a scam by the people who take 20 to 40 rupees from every car or bike user with tax. 
206- Special lane needs to be constructed for ambulance in which it can move without stucking
207- We need congestion charges on private vehicles like London has. No private vehicle can enter the core areas of the city without paying these congestion charges. This will help curb vehicles on important roads.  The metro needs accountability and last mile connectivity. Public cycle sharing systems should work like magic.  Moonshoots like pod taxis are a waste of the tax payers money and should be abandoned as soon as possible
208- 1. Whenever cleaning happens, the waste is laid out in dumps on the footpath.  2. The bus almost never stops at the bus  stop. They will stop just after  the signal causing all sorts of honking and all by the drivers behind.  3.Roads not wide enough (and tech parks after tech parks on the same outer ring road).  4. There was flyover construction work(digging for a pillar) at Ejipura signal. Now there is no work for past 15 days but the still the barriers are there, making the road a single lane road just after the signal. The flyover will take 2,3 years to complete atleast. Will the road be still half closed till then?  5. Please take strict actions against bike driving on footpaths, going on the wrong side just to save 100m or so.  6. Strict action against jaywalking, especially when people crossing road under a overbridge. Eg. Marathalli overbridge, Domlur overbridge. Also, more and more overbridges are needed.
209- metro planning is pathetic. IT places like whitefield, ORR, electronic city and sarjapur road should be given priority. Rather than seeing where vote bank is more government to put money in where it is necessary. metro network has to be increased. whitefield has to be connected to electronic city via varthur. 
210- The infrastructure that is being built are not future focused and take a lot of time to complete 
211- I found during road widening across  Bangalore  lot of trees were cut. I would want to plant lot's of trees. 
212- Better management of traffic
213- Looks good on infrastructure on paper. The designs of all underpasses over bridges, flyovers are very bad, no proper access, access and exit at midway of wide roads explains lack of knowledge of BBMP on design. The entire plan should be designed by leading designers, and strict supervision by design firm on execution by BBMP.  The traffic staff unaware of rules, more often chat with colleagues at traffic intersections All traffic staff should be trained by competent training firms with authority to suggest unsuitable staff to BBMP. BBMP should commit to this with suitable action on inefficient staff. 
214- Kindly complete all Metro Phase works at the earliest by having connectivity for entire city. Connect long stretch metros like Devanahalli to Majestic,  Majestic to Whitfield, ITPL/ Sarjapur/Marathahalli to Bypanahalli, MG Road to Electronic City/Hosur, Electronic City to Devanahalli, Nagwara/ehlanka to MG Road etc  Secondly remove all outstation bus stations like Madivala to some empty/unused grounds.   Third - Proper management of traffic signal as apt for the hour rather going for automatic mode where it waste lots of peoples time who waits unnecessarily in signals without having any importance if waiting when there isn't any movements of vehicle in opposite direction.   Fourth - Stop all festival/wedding/house/political/commercial events related stuffs to be conducted on roads by blocking the same.  Fifth - Categorize company into different parts and one catagory should follow one day of the week compulsory to avoid taking there personal vechiles on road with also giving leverage of 1 hr late punch in the morning as they need to commute in metro/bus only.  
215- This sounds like a good plan, please  implement 
216- Poor management by traffic cops. They do not regulate traffic... they only stand in groups by the roadside,  chatting & drinking tea. They pounce on vehicles even if no rule is broken, & threaten with high fines, thereafter pressurise the drivers/owners to pay a lesser amount,  without receipts. If this style is stopped and they do their job sincerely,  traffic would improve considerably. It requires a sea change in attitude of an entire generation of cops.
217- Kindly include a bus timetable in bus stops
218- I know our cops are doing the best appreciate that but every one has to reach before time. It will be great if we follow the traffic like the other countries do follow a lane and continue the same till you cross the road and maintain a speed limit 
219- Wide roads are required in the residential areas around the IT tech parks. For example the Panathur main road which is the main connectivity road in the ECO space outer ring road is very narrow and this leads to daily traffic jams.
220- Basic things first - better co-ordination required between all agencies and make sure that once the road is asphalted, it is not dug up within few days which is happening now causing lot of traffic snarls and injuring the motorists, strict law should be enforced and the agency should be heavily fined/suspended who breaks the rule; Secondly - The height of the concrete median constructed on all the roads should be half to one foot high, the current new medians are built at 2-3 feet high and blocks emergency vehicles like ambulances and police vans to move faster, also senior citizens. disabled are facing inconvenience while crossing these high medians when crossing the roads - Thank you!
221- Footh paths are a MUST. We have so much pedestrian traffic but no proper walking spaces designated to just pedestrians. It will encourage people to walk more if the foothpaths are maintained well leading to less congestion, and yes expansion of roads, properly planned flyovers to tackle the monstrous travel time within the city.
222- Requesting all concerned authorities to please plan ample space for parking vehicles & separate way for ambulance.
223- I am sure the responses for this segment would be in the thousands. Basics: 1. Remove illegal speed breakers and proper marking on Speed Breakers. Most breakers are not visible until you are almost upon them, especially at night 2.a. On major roads like the ORR, have a 3 ft hedge of shrubs on the divider. This will increase greenery, plus helps night driving as the opposite high beam does not blind drivers. Will reduce night accidents 2.b. Alternatively setup proper signals at major crossings like Kalamandir, JP Morgan, Oriental College etc., to ensure safe crossing for pedestrians. 3. Build FOB at all major pedestrian crossings and setup grills on the divider (at least 150m on each side of the FOB) in the middle to ensure pedestrians will definitely take the FOB 4. Monitor and close gaps forcibly created in dividers by 2 wheelers for a quick U turn. 5. Have small (fixed traffic cone type) dividers setup near turns so that those who need to turn will go into the correct lane and not obstruct the traffic going straight by occupying all the lanes 6. Remove the compulsory helmet rule as it is only facilitating traffic cops to make a quick buck. Taking care of their safety is the rider's responsibility and not the traffic department's. The seat belt and helmet rules are useless in the current Indian mindset. The cops should instead focus on stopping and penalizing those who break other traffic laws like jumping a red light, driving in the opposite lane, etc. as these could prove harmful to other drivers who are following traffic rules. 7. Use good quality material for tarring or white-topping roads, so that they last longer and allow traffic to flow smoothly. I feel that at least 40% of the traffic jams in Bengaluru will be avoided, if the roads are in good condition.
224- The problem of Bangalore roads is that we have very few main roads and invariably the whole traffic comes to these roads. We should identify these roads and sub-roads and categorize them as A,B,C... etc . Each category road should have a template. Ex A category being highest should be something like, it should be  1. One way road. 2. 2 lane road. 3. Signal Free. 4. After every few kilometers it should have a system where traffic can take turns into any 4 direction. 5. Entry into these roads from B and lower category roads to be restricted and should have very well defined way of merging traffic. 6. Heavy penalty on drivers who break rules on these A category roads.  Same way we can form guidelines for other category roads and see to it that when a road is categorized it follows these guidelines.  
225- Traffic is a big topic  Here i only mentioning about road condition Most of the roads are in very bad condition with dangerous path hole  Need a concerned person to have survey give them the ETA and fix asap if not fixed by the concerned team penalise them and make this process transparent  Evry area should have the concerned person details mentioned somewhere in that area to let prople know and easily complaint about tbe road condition
226- I feel the law enforcement is very low in Bangalore overall, for example when a commercial complex is built, no measure taken by the BBMP or BDA before approving it, least bothered about the parking space is available for the multi storied buildings, the residents end up parking on the footpaths and on the roads, you can see this culture everywhere in bangalore, people build independent houses but park their cars/bikes on the roads, there is no safety measures taken for the people walking, they are forced to walk on the roads risking their safety. What about elders and kids, where they walk? where are the footpaths? even a medical shop puts their bill board on the footpath, footpaths are not meant for people to walk, I think this is a serious issue in Bangalore. I do not see this point in your master plan.
227- Although we have quite a lot money earning AC buses, Government vehicles are the ones that causes heavy traffic. You can check this during bandh or on the day of RTC dharna They don't stop the buses with discipline. These has to be streamlined.
228- We could have separate lanes for two wheelers and others so two wheelers green signals can start a few seconds earlier and then for the rest.  This is being used in Chandigarh for cycle rickshaws. 
229- remove bottlenecks on ORR, 5 KMs takes 40 min .1)expand service roads near flyovers 2) remove divider between service road and main road 3)create bus bays which are NOT right on the road but inside 4) create sky tracks for bicycles over the road dividers 5) Put metro for entire ORR 6) create flyover near KR puram to connect ORR and from old madras rd near new underpass 7) create flyover for ORR traffic to pass through KR puram 8) create alternative diagonal roads for critical junctions 9) sky walks need to be many more with escalators which are in working condition 10) complete PRR , ASAP with traffic speed target of 100 kmph. 11) connect Electronic city , Sarjapur , Whitefield via Budigere and second airport entrance near Begur. 
230- The metro coverage and pace of completion is real concern
231- Need to plan all constructions properly as the entire city is dugged up throughout the year. The condition of roads cause more traffic and traffic police needs to be more strict with people not obeying traffic rules.
232- Firstly the space allocated to roads, dividers, footpath are inadequate. For main arterial roads they should be 6 lane. The divider should be wide enough to provide for additional lane at crossing signals for right turning vehicles while there should be free left turning lane separating before turning and merging gradually with main traffic after turning. Secondly, lane discipline should be enforced and offenders to be booked with heavy penalty. Cameras at all crossings for monitoring and speed cameras in long stretches are must. Thirdly, all humps must be painted black and white for easy visibility. Footpaths should be cleared of vendors, transformers, uncovered drains so that padestrians do not have to walk on the road slowing traffic. Fourthly more skywalks on busy roads with escalators for senior citizens and differently abled. Fifthly, separate fenced lanes for two wheelers and making all major roads out of bound for autorickshaws.
233- Please consider the following input to be included in the  Revised Master Plan(RMP) 2031, if you think it is relevant.  In Bangalore,  wherever we go, we find cable TV wires or internet wires loosely hanging on road sides from electric/telephone posts or trees. These cables are laid either by cable TV operators or internet companies. Cables are haphazardly pulled through tree tops and telephone/electric posts to houses/buildings. The left over or unused wires are rolled and kept hanging loosely. Among these there are plenty of unused wires, broken ones dangling touching heads of pedestrians. A child running carelessly or a two wheeler can get entangled with these wires and fall. These companies do not care to remove the old wires/unused wires, laid by them.    To me it seems, at the present scenario, none of the service providers have a secure stable method of carrying the overhead wires to consumers, other than using electric posts/telephone and trees. A stable infrastructure will be useful for both the companies and to their customers  Otherwise, in the years to come such wires will be on the increase creating mayhem, inconveniencing residents, pedestrians and vehicle drivers.     Suggest BBMP or any other agency to provide a permanent/stable infrastructure or  a special  bay for accommodating such cables/wires and rent it out to service providers.  None should be allowed to use electric post or trees for laying cables or internet  wires. You may consider including this item in the master plan, if not already included under any other heads.  Thanking you.  
234- Please invest in building dedicated safe cycle tracks through out the city. Road/ traffic / parking problems will all become easy to solve. Imagine public taking cars for office a km away just because there are no footpaths or cycle paths and in turn causing , miles of traffic pile up on bad roads. One solution will solve many problems. Please lower your commission/profit targets and give citizens a chance to better life.
235- Our Traffic system is in a pathetic state. Average peak hour speed between 8:30am-11:30am is about 10-12kms/hr.  Firstly I do not blame the government alone for this problem as citizens are equally responsible for this as we do not follow even the basic traffice rules and common sense is just thrown out of the window when we are in the driving seat, but we should also recognise much of the problems need government to take first initiatives.  So what I propose is that, better traffic management and augmented common services are need of the hour.  1. Traffic violations should be severely dealt with with Impounding of vehicle for weeks or months and the safe keep cost added to fines. Community services should be made part of the fine and repeat violators should be subjected to naming and shaming.  2. Methods should be divised to improve lane driving diciplin and specific training and orientation for 2 wheeler drivers.  3. Corporates occupying large office complexes should be encouraged to devise staggered reporting times for employees to ensure less number of  vehicles at a give time. Further Corporates should also be encouraged to work towards a 30% population of employees working from Home on any give day, unless absolutely required to work from office. Having been in Corporates for 22 years I am confident that it is possible if they try, yes it will have some cost impact but I am confident it will only improve the productivity, which effectively can offset some additional cost.  4. Management and coordination of our shared commute modes like bus and metro needs to improve. Metro where available is a boon but Feeder bus and general bus commute still takes a long time. Traveling on ORR or Richmond road averages between 5-10kms/hr most of t he time during the day, this needs to improve dramatically.  5. Quality of roads are PATHETIC.  However to be positive I believe white topping should improve situation and needs to be done much faster pace, plastic based mix for interior roads should become a norm. And most of all contractors doing the road or civic works should be held accountable which is not the case leading to awful patchwork that doesn't even last a month.  
236- No proper control or training to the force. Roads are so congested
237- The real woos of the transportation is lack of last mile connectivity. The current plans are isolated developments and do not bother to simless integration. It is very simple... Give priority to pedestrian,  they want unhindered, safe passage way. The walkways are unscientific... Keep them horizontal... No abrupt ups and downs... Appropriately design crossings... No open gutters... I mean no rocket science... Simple commonsense design!!!! 
238- The entire Outer Ring Road of Bangalore should have multiple levels of speedways connecting the South to East to North. Traffic coming from Silk board to Hebbal should be made a speed way & like wise traffic coming from Hebbal to Whitefield. Make that a Paid Toll Speed way across the city - which will avoid traffic to a very large extend. More over the usual road infrastructure need to also improve drastically.  
239- Metro work is too delayed and till the time it will be completed there will be chaotic situation in the city, pollution and traffic is already at peak, how are we going to deal till then?
240- Building roads alone will not fix the traffic issue. There are tonnes of other problems and trouble makers on the road. Fix those issues first. People riding/driving in one ways and in the opposite direction of traffic, illegally parked vehicles, street hawkers and vendors, slow moving vehicles in the fast lane, lack of discipline... I could go on.
241- All roads have a right turn and crossing the incoming traffic should have a central bifurcation of road, so that the vehicles wait in the bifurcation for right turn and don't obstruct the straight traffic.
242- There is a need for a drastic change
243- Ok, but not impressive.
244- Just increasing the BMTC buses will not help, these are the reason also for congestion as roads are narrow. Please look for mini bus options, frequency can be increased. Also improve the connectivity with Metros/ long route transport by using buses as efficient feeders only not to compete with them. Please make it convenient that people feel tempted to leave their cars and use public transport, currently majority of Metro goers are those who switched from 2 wheelers or buses, not from cars because of the inconvenience and not because they're not willing to.
245- More than Metro, If feasible parallel interconnect with Airport, Suburban railways should be planned. 
246- Immediately the Intercity Buses to be stopped coming inside the city, needs to be feed from some place taken on hire basis & get feed through Public Transport
247- Very bad traffic management. And not planned constructions
248- traffic is the one of the biggest issues. Hope they come up with some innovative yet simplistic solutions
249- All Corporate companies can move out of the cities, where the Metro can connect to that particular location from all the part of the city
250- Love the idea of foot paths and cycle paths. But i would give up using my car if the public transport is made easy and fast, maybe dedicated BUS lanes and make the private vehicles lane smaller so that public transport if faster. 
251- could have combine near by IT companies transportation.for example L&T,Mindtree,UST all near bu companies.they all are using third party cab services.but independent cab services for each company.in each maximum 2 or 3 employers will be ther.My suggestion is Why cant we club near by IT companies transportation.anyhow companies workings time and all almost same.so if we can club the transportation atlset the cab will be full,less traffic,cost can share among by these IT companies . 
252- In City Neverdays More traffic, Above you mention that BMTC Buses will be increase to 15000, but i don't think that it will work, because if More buses is there in city than traffic will be more not less, if our government can do the work like, Richmond Road Bridge they can connect to K R Market Bridge because whoever want to go to Mysore Road they can go easily,  And main is Corporation Circle near Halsuru Traffic Police Station, in this area traffic is more, government have to take some action for traffic issue.............
253- Bangalore should have "Traffic free spots" each with multi-level parking with many towers.  In the "Traffic free spots" only vehicles allowed must be BTS, Ambulance, Police and Fire brigade vehicles. People must use BTS, go to multi-level parking, take their vehicles and travel to other traffic free spots so that inside the traffic free spot, there is greenery, peace, people can walk, breathe, play and live. Each traffic free spot must contain a school, hospital, post-office, mall, so that people rarely should travel out of traffic free spot. This must work in conjunction with Metro Rail of Bangalore. ISRO is giving electric battery/motor technology to anybody interested to develop green city. Bangalore must utilize this tech to have electric hybrids for BTS using electric charging and solar power capabilities. Life of a vehicle must be mapped - where it originates and where it has to stop. Most of traffic problems in Bangalore is because of improper parking on already narrow roads. In traffic free spot, multi-level parking with many towers should make sure vehicles are parked in parking spots only. Advanced drivers assistance systems and Self driving cars technology should be given a thought.
254- What about the old vehicles?  Government vehicles are old and polluting.  The new BMTC buses are very bad and cannot be used by public.  With th new infrastructure planned above, there needs to be a regulation on the old vehicles.  Create more cycling paths - dont see this as a reality 
255- City admin and urban planners seem to forget bangalore roads have limited capacity and no matter how many more flyovers are added or existing roads are widened.. it will be able to catchup with the explosive growth in vehicular traffic. It will serve the residents better if urban planners can focus on optimal and judicious of this precious and limited resource - Roads!!!  In the absence of a strong public transport system , people rely on their private vehicle clogging the roads and resulting in wasted time, fuel, pollution and stress. This approach can continue forever without crippling bengaluru for ever.  While Metro contrsuction will take another decade to complete to cater to a significant chunk of the road traffic.. in the interim there is a need to implement  Introduction of BusLanes : For faster movement of BMTC buses on major roads  like ORR ,so that residents can make the shift to public transport. Congestion charges : On single occupant cars during peak house Last mile connectivity :  BMTC or other players should provide last mile connectivity for people to shed their cars in favour of public transport. Parking : Adequate parking spaces at Metro stations for Cars/Bikes
256- Poor road management 
257- Very bad management of traffic. White topping of kasturinagar to kalyannagar stretch not well planned. Too many potholes. It's dangerous for the two wheeler riders. Traffic at tin factory to kr puram is always jam packed. It's really difficult for the commuters.
258- The more important thing is to expand city limits and distribution of companies based on no of employees 
259- The city should have pedestrian friendly roads. Some parts of the city should be devoid of any vehicular traffic.
260- One of the major problems faced in Bangalore is parking. Regardless of how well our roads are laid and how much effort our policemen put to regulate traffic, the basic need to park our car doesn't exist in Bangalore. People even park on busy roads and immediately jam traffic. It is important that BDA places high priority in identifying parking garages near Metro stations and bus terminals. Without which, any public transport system is bound to fail. Since public transport is not a door to door facility, it's important to help people park their vehicles safely while they avail the public transport. If these are rolled into a Metro payment card, it will enhance the attractiveness of taking public transportation.   The other area where BDA and our BTP can help with is to understand traffic patterns and proactively managing traffic lights. In many cases, until and after traffic piles up, people park haphazardly and drive erratically causing the traffic jams. Then when the traffic is piled up, cops try to sort it out. If we have policemen on beats ensuring vehicles are moving along and not blocking traffic early in the day, it could definitely help. 
261- Traffic can be organized well by :  Firstly targeting at the RTO Officers as they issue Driving Licenses blindly, they have to Re-Test all the Drivers Licenses and they will end up correcting the fault in cancelling 50% of illegal licenses issued.  Secondly they should target on all Driving Schools as they provide Driving License in just 20 Hrs of classes which can be opted in 1hr/day for 20 days basis or whichever is convenient but it should sum upto 20 Hours which is totally insane, by this inexperienced riders and drivers on roads there will be only improper lane discipline.
262- Reducing the 4 vehicle usage may reduce the traffic and increase the metro lines. bus transportation should be increased
263- There be some Bus only routes and entire city to be covered by electric only buses. connectivity is a big issue in city and to airport and need to be properly connected possibly with open roof electric buses.
264- Below factors aggravate traffic problem in the city - a)Traffic violations by auto, cabs in a menace 2) Lack of substantial CCTV surveillance 3) No prior information about road blocks or redirection to public. 4)Lack of proper planning when it comes to road works
265- Traffic issues should have to be resolved by proper planning and taking consideration for measurement whoever may be require.
266- Provide traffic less track for bicycles, and educate traffic police. 
267- Request to sync the traffic signal across main corridor of city.., it will help commuters to move without stopping frequently at every junction, considering syncing speed of 30kmph .
268- can be improvised with expansion of roads and if well planned
269- Traffic congestion is one of the biggest problem Bengaluru is facing as of now. Please focus on to the Solution which improves the traffic.
270- The time scales for addressing the traffic and congestion problem is not there. Inadequate parking facility and ways to address that is missing. Park and ride facility should be a norm and reducing traffic in central business district might be considered. Heavy vehicles entrance to city should be controlled. Bottlenecks in traffic flow like KR Puram bridge, Indira Nagar, and many such areas are immediate concerns and needs quick response.
271- I Am a cyclist, and every day commuting in cycle in the busy traffic is a problem.. for an eco friendly city green transport has to be deployed. hence having Cycle friendly roads are very much necessary. Along with this, the roads especially at the traffic signal junctions should be in good conditions, as I have observed the stretch of the road will be more or less good, but exactly after the signal, the roads will be dug up or have pot holes, which tends for slow exit of traffic from the signals.. this condition is in many signals. Another request is to ban old/Vehicles with more pollution, inhaling more exhaust of the vehicle while cycling becomes difficult.
272- Currently the existing roads are not enough to hold the vehicle. When extending the roads, pls plan for next 50 years and expand, the same think to be done while developing the new layout/place
273- Faster Implementation of the plans will be key for the Bangalore in next few years
274- Recycle Products can be used in transportation. and to avoid the traffic issue's we have to update our-self,  and we have to follow the roles and regulations too! so the management and user contribution is most important.
275- Traffic is the main concern in Bangalore. and also road pavement should be good.
276- Everything Should not be only on Papers and Proposals. It should come in action quick. Seeing the rate of new vehicles getting registered in Namma Bengaluru. It will definitely be a nightmare to drive in the city by 2020. if nothing gets implemented, it will not be fit for living for sure. Also New technology should be implemented in development rather than using the same old techniques and skills. Work Contracts awarding should be centralized to one company instead of splitting it to many contractors, so that he can be questioned for any quality issues.
277- One major reason for traffic jam in BLR lack of alternative road. There is often only one road for one particular area. No alternate road is oresent or if its there its too far. In other cities e.g.Pune there are multiple entry and exit points going into any area, spreading traffic evenly. With only single main entry/exit point all traffic is forced to pass through one choking point. For example, Panathur villege area has only one proper entry/exit from ORR. No small roads connecting inner gallis/roads. Everyone who wants to to in Panathur is forced through a small main road. In any other city there would have been multiple entry and exit roads planned for this area. Sadly BLR city planning didnot consider this while approving layouts. This neds to change.
278- The govt. should be strengthen the traffic rules and make the people abide them. And at the same time it is our responsibility to follow the rules for our own benefit.
279- Heavy use of technology for traffic management. Sensor based signalling system, clear road markings, removal of road hazards for e.g. unscientific speed bumps, unplanned dividers, barricades, creation of multi-level parking, foot-over bridge at regular interval, proper feeder network to metro and emphasis on last mile connectivity.
280- Good thought, however I think we can increase metro connections to the old city areas which will reduce the general traffic drastically.
281- Roads are completely logged... both in weekdays and weekends... we really need to do something really fast! I believe that we are significantly underinvesting and we will start losing our competitive edge (with respect to other cities) fast! Namma Bengaluru - lets take action!
282- No bus connectivity from certain areas to Electronics City and Whitefield.
283- Progress of planning and implementation is very slow
284- Pretty decent plan this. However, the most important thing is to take care of the quality of build. Any construction should withstand for at least 10 years. This also means that the plan should include the increase in traffic towards the end of 10 years before the maintenance phase takes its turn.
285- No lane discipline and chaotic driving
286- Details are missing. Badly designed roads. ORR has bus stops on the main road and the service roads are not used properly. Exit from ORR and entry into ORR through the same exit point is a blunder in design. What is being done to remedy the major flaws in the road designs, at least the main arterial roads.
287- The following are basic reasons for traffic problems in the city:  1. Quality of roads 2. Non accountability of contractors for poor roads 3. Constant digging of roads 4. Poor patch work of roads 5. Delay in inspection of roads and hence greater damage 6. Lack of incentive to use public transport 7. Poor last mile connectivity 8. Major surge in taxi operators and hence 4 wheelers 9. Non existence of limiting vehicle ownership policy 10. Upsurge in 2 wheeler traffic 11. Lack of incentive to walk 12. Existence of corridors of converging traffic and narrowing roads 13. Traffic police is busy fining people than controlling traffic  Here are possible solutions to the above points:  1. Public Accountability of the contractor and the office responsible to ensure road quality - timely inspection and repair, minimum time guarantee being imposed,  usage of apps with location to be able to tag the location of problem and response mechanism along with auto escalation matrix   2. Build and Incentivise public transport use to major hubs of traffic movement - this includes safe and regular last mile connectivity options, incentivising walking via well kept footpaths, overhead bridges, cycle routes. Without last mile, people will still use private transport or autos and taxis   3. Phase out 3 wheelers and introduce 4 wheeler autos - the driving behaviour can be curtailed this way  4. Dedicated bus lanes and non private transport areas within the city - de congest rings to increase public transport utilisation  5. Phase out privately owned 2 wheelers. Only logistics organisations can own them. Provided subsidised public transport usage to this part of public.   6. Private organisations to be forced to implement no 2 wheeler policy.   7. Employ strict policing mechanisms to ensure smooth traffic flow. Move to digitally secure payments to disband bribes, AI And visual tech for infringement identification, safety driving mechanisms such as high pricing of insurance for drivers based on driving style  8. Identification of traffic flow to specific locations such as tech parks and regulate time of travel. E.g Manyata tech park can operate only after 11 am, while ITPL can operate starting 7 am. These can split peak traffic load  9. Relocation of tech parks to separate small townships that encompass a complete habitat. Will cause responsible development of the area. SEZs need to be identified to incentivise movement, affordable development to be undertaken 
288- There should be a extra toll fee levied on the people who travel single in a car.
289- Start with enforcement of traffic laws... make roads walkable by enforcing crossing and observance of foot paths, levy heavy fines for blocking the intersection due to red lights. prohibit unnecessary honking and traffic in residential areas. Keep separate lanes for motorcycles, scooters and rickshaws
290- Public transport should be strengthened and incentivise people who are using public transport by means of tax waiver etc. Interconnectivity with different modes of transport must be made efficient. Footpaths and sky walks should be made GU i
291- Each shopping area should have multi level car parking. Also all metro stations should have parking for 200-500 cars
292- We keep hearing plans but nothing concrete in reality. There are always delays. What will govt do to ensure projects complete on time with quality.
