To improve Bengaluru’s environment, the municipality will plant trees on major roads, make tree planting mandatory for all new buildings and create more parks and open spaces. It will draw clear boundaries for forests, streams, lakes and encourage water harvesting. It will also promote the use of recycled water. All heavily polluting industries will be moved outside the city and mining will be banned within Bengaluru. The city will have charging stations for battery operated cars, use solar energy and better manage waste materials and trucks entering the city. It aims to have a digital monitoring system and database for the health of all natural resources - but doesn’t list the specifics of this database.
The city will need 220 to 230 sqm more of housing by 2031. The plan focuses on building affordable housing to accommodate economically weaker sections (EWS) since the current backlog will be met through redevelopment of existing property. All government land meant for housing will be used to build EWS houses, government agencies will get permission to build the maximum number of floors on the land (FAR), if 60% of the houses go towards EWS. This is meant to encourage corporates to build affordable housing. Developers must give 15% of their flats or 5% of FAR to the State for EWS housing, or they can give 5% of their land to the Government to build EWS housing. Townships must compulsorily have EWS housing.
The city has been divided into 42 ‘Planning Districts’, each district has economic and industrial areas and commercial land on roads wider than 15 metres. The plan wants to make the central parts of the city less crowded and control its population growth, by boosting the amenities in the outer regions of the city. New Markets will be built in the outer parts of the city, with enough space for seasonal vendors, these markets will be close to logistic hubs. The outermost part of the city will comprise of an agricultural buffer zone. As the city grows, it will need more land. This extension of the city has been planned along it’s highways and parts of the city that are already growing. Each new area will have its own employment and housing facilities.
The authorities have identified the slower journey speeds as a concern and will introduce new measures to curb traffic problems. In addition to the development of the Metro (Phase I and II) a new Ring Road will be built, take a look at the roads that will be expanded and new roads in the ​resources​. Existing ring roads will also be expanded. Public transport stations will be located every 3 to 4 kms, with taxi stands, electric vehicle charging stations and cycle sharing systems at each. Footpaths and bike paths will also be constructed on the road. BMTC busses will increase to 15,000. 6 Intercity bus terminals at the outskirts of Bengaluru will ensure that outstation traffic doesn’t cause traffic jams. Similarly, 8 logistics hubs of 100
There is a need to provide sewage facilities and water supplies to villages around Bengaluru that will become a part of the city till 2031, these areas are currently governed by Panchayats and not the BBMP, no concrete measures are listed in the plan to achieve this. The plan states that all new buildings will have dual pipelines and use recycled water in flushes, for gardening and other purposes. The goal is for the municipality to provide only drinking water to buildings - the rest of the water used will be recycled water. Sewage systems will be located in close proximity to ensure recycled water reaches buildings and the government will use technology to make recycled water fit for drinking. Lakes and valleys will also be revived with recycled water.
The plan aims to have no landfills in Bengaluru in the long run. By 2031, 470 dry waste collection centres; 19 aggregators; 12 bio-medical waste processing units; 85 organic waste converters and 8 industrial waste processing plants will be needed in the city, seven waste management units for construction waste have been identified. Waste management, segregation and processing of sanitary and medical waste will take place in each planning district. Buildings that generate more than 10 kgs of garbage per day will compulsorily need to set up waste management systems on their premises or work with BBMP vendors to manage their waste. Today waste is transferred between garbage trucks at informal ‘Lory Points’ which create confusion and are dirty, in the future trucks will empty their waste at a permanent structure built by the BBMP in each ward. Finding space for landfills in Bengaluru is difficult, 3 abandoned quarries have been identified as landfills, these quarries will only be enough if waste is 100% segregated and processed.
With no power plants dedicated only to Bengaluru at the moment, the plan suggests that KPTCL and BESCOM improve the power supply, power transmission and distribution. The plan makes provisions for 109 additional substations and 2 large substations potentially in Devanahalli and Jigani. The wires to transport this electricity have been provided for along roads. The plan makes some suggestions for the use of renewable energy, but directs the Government of Karnataka to make a comprehensive renewable energy master plan. The suggestions the plan makes are to incentivize energy efficient gadgets, use solar power for street lights, traffic signals, hoardings and government offices. Buildings with floor-areas above 300 sq.mt. will be encouraged to use solar, in addition solar power will be used to replace generators and inverters.
The plan says that Bengaluru’s education needs are met for primary and higher education, every residential area already has access to a primary school within 1 km but more government run schools are required to make education more accessible. Schools in the inner parts of the city will be supplemented with playgrounds and more schools will be built in the outer parts of the city. Hostels for women will be set up in every planning district.
Currently, there are some parts of the city that are more than 5 kilometres away from a healthcare facility - traffic congestion makes reaching these facilities that much harder. The plan suggests that public health facilities should be opened in the outer parts of the city, so that no area is more than 3 kilometres away from a healthcare facility. For a list of the areas that are far from medical care, take a look at the resources. The plan also suggests that there should be burial grounds, cemeteries and crematoriums in every planning district.
Eight large parks (around the size of Cubbon Park or larger) that are between 200 to 400 acres will be built. These parks will be used for recreation and also as the buffer zone to protect lakes. Each park will have facilities for sports, and four large sports complexes will be built across the city. Spaces for art like theatres, museums, galleries and open spaces will be made in each planning district.
The plan says that there is a need to upgrade the existing Disaster Management Cell to a Disaster Management Authority. Further, it says all new buildings must be built along the lines of the National Building Code of India to ensure that there is minimal damage by earthquakes or fire. 16 new fire stations are required in the city to make sure there is one fire station for every 10.5 sq.km. To stop urban flooding, the plan says rainwater drains need to be cleared and upgraded, open spaces and parks will be used to prevent floods.
The plan divides Bengaluru’s heritage structures into built heritage, cultural heritage and natural heritage zones. It has for the first time set the boundaries of these heritage zones and said that these areas should be conserved, protected and highlighted by provision of transport facilities and tourist infrastructure. The plan doesn’t list the steps required to conserve these areas. The 12 heritage zones identified are: Central Administrative Heritage Zone, Petta and Bangalore Fort, Gavipuram, Basavanagudi and VV Puram, M.G.Road, Shivajinagar, Cleveland Town, Richards Town, Malleshwaram, Ulsoor, Whitefield Inner Circle, Begur Temple and Bangalore Palace Heritage Zone.
The plan emphasizes on helping differently abled people enjoy the city and move around easily. Frequent seating along walkways will be provided for the elderly. Footpaths should be well lit and a minimum of 1.2 m wide with ramps to enter and exit, tactile tiles will be used on pavements to lead the visually impaired to facilities and away from moving traffic. The pavements will also have poles to stop traffic from entering at a width of 815 mm - so that wheelchairs can easily pass through. Bus stops will be made with easy access for the differently abled. Wheelchair friendly parking lots should have parking for the differently abled within 30 metres of the elevators, similarly all foot-over bridges must have elevators making them accessible by wheelchair. All government buildings and parks must be accessible by wheelchair as well, with ramps for entry, preferably at the front of the building.