1- Happy but wondering, why do we need time till 2031 to do this.
2- Cant we divide the city into zone and start the up gradation of these and complete it 2 years? .
3- When normal people walk on Bengaluru footpaths they become differently abled in a couple of days.
4- Can't imagine how these poor people will manage.
5- Keep connectivity between metro stations with major hubs using shared vehicle or other means.
6- Though the metro service is so good and better,when it comes with the other transportation system in the city the comfort and gility provided by metro totally nullifies.
7- Apply tocken system to cabs and vehicles which interconnects the major destinations through metro stations.
8- To create gardens more.
9- parks in each locality.
10- Good roads without potholes.
11- To grow trees on either side of the road.
12- Escalator to be installed at sky walk for senior citizens.
13- Good conveyance in the form of bus.
14- Auto.
15- Cabs.
16- Metro.
17- And rail.
18- Good drainage without over flowing in rainy season.
19- Good shelter near bus stop.
20- Wash rooms or toilet near bus stop.
21- With good maintainance.
22- The accessible places like side walks and footpaths are all taken up by the shop.
23- keepers and advertising boards.
24- What is left is then taken up for Gurkha and paan shops.
25- Can we please have the side walks back for use by Bangaloreans.
26- Bangalore need to be planned properly .
27- The plan looks nice.
28- Will have to implement properly.
29- Permission should be taken from local RWA before any relevant infrastructure is dismantled/dug up.
30- Need more facilities for the disabled to travel through the city.
31- Until implemented, the plan is not satisfactory.
32- As stated in my previous feedback.
33- It's a great plan but it all comes down to its execution.
34- Please make sure, honest people are involved in this and no corruption should be there.
35- Please get our footpaths and greenary back.
36- In normal city bus, it's impossible to move wheel chair inside the bus but in ac bus it's good and the bus is not stopping properly it's risky for elder people to get in and out into the running bus .
37- Even though the poles are there to prevent people from driving on footpaths, still people dive on them.
38- So it would be more helpful if that is kept in check.
39- It would be wonderful to have flat, usable pavements on every street with NO access to bikes and cars since this happens too often and pedestrians, particularly senior citizens, have great difficulty walking.
40- Rather than building ugly, expensive foot over bridges, the authorities must ensure that zebra crossings are respected and vehicles that don't stop are heavily fined.
41- The plan must quantify the developments needed whether it is footpaths, FoBs or any other such facilities for pedestrians.
42- There is a huge difference between what the officials consider footpaths that are in a condition to use, apathy to footpaths that are broken/encroached.
43- Apathy among officials and vehicle users towards pedestrians wanting to cross roads is very high.
44- Both of these issues need to be addressed with highest priority in a transparent and time bound manner.
45- Bus, Trains and other government and private office should have special attention to differently abled and senior citizens.
46- Over the last 3 decades we have scored very poorly in creating  infrastructure that ensured differently abled people were able to enjoy the city and move around with easy.
47- The BDA plan envisaged is good, only that rigorous and ruthless implementation will ensure that this project takes off and gets completed within time.
48- Build big arterial roads for sub urban networks.
49- All footpath encroachment should be cleared.
50- All footpaths should be repaired.
51- There is a concept in the western world called a "power weekend“.
52- Big projects are handled on the weekend when there is less traffic.
53- And alternate arrangements/ routes are made in advance and citizens informed through all channels.
54- Make water/sewage pipes have a surface that can be opened when needed, so roads don’t need to be dug up time and again.
55- If an agency digs the road, it has to ensure it‘s repaired.
56- Ensure the wheel chair access is not used by motorists.
57- Widen roads.
58- Most broad roads in Bangalore end up in tiny alleys!!5.
59- Use the best people for the project, don’t go by least quoted amount, value quality.
60- Maintenance will decide how long the quality lasts.
61- Ensure regular checks.
62- Be incorruptible.
63- Money is transitory, the name of the person making a difference will be remembered forever!.
64- Though there has been efforts to improve the standard of footpaths, they end up being encroached by the illegal vendors and petty shops and forcing the pedestrians to walk on the roads and risk their lives.
65- On many newly laid footpaths, the existing telephone exchange boxes or other utilities are not removed or relocated.
66- These again forces pedestrians to walk on road.
67- Mass Transportation not available from sarjapur road to electronic city and roads are preety narrow.
68- Roads are damaged from Doddamara to mahaveer orchids apartment.
69- Please requesting to fix it as there are many incidents happening.
70- Right now a physically handicapped person cannot walk on the road.
71- No proper accessibility any of the government building.
72- There are so much to for differently abled people.
73- Good thoughts, and will be helpful if implemented in a time bound manner.
74- The proposal is really good, but before implementing those, we need to find the existing problems in all the footpaths in Bengaluru and solve using the universal design principles and without harming the environmental beauty.
75- Even, well planned footpaths (no ups and downs), no encroachment by shops, prevent misuse of footpath for dumping stuff or as parking.
