1- Happy with the plan but implementation is very important.
2- In volume 3- Master plan document,Clause no 13.
3- 1 Earthquake - old IS 1893 -2002 Is mentioned, but latest code is IS 1893- 2016.
4- Kindly update.
5- In clause 13.
6- 1 under mitigation following can be included " softstory in a structure to be designed considering all codal requirements".
7- SUGGESTION  sanction submission document by owner/developer shall contain structural drawings and design report (structural framing with sizes ,column positions with sizes, expansion joint, footing type and layout.
8- etc).
9- Train citizens on how to act when a fire /flood other event occurs .
10- (1) Can you ensure every locality has two or more roads with free access for one ambulance, 2 fire engines with access to water in case of an emergency.
11- (2) Remember the 2010 Carlton Tower old airport road fire when 8 fire engines could hardly reach to the spot in time and most did not have enough water and roads were blocked by passer-byes.
12- The proposal for secondary stream in  HSR sector 3 is unscientific and illogical.
13- This is only going to create a bigger disaster given the design and location of the secondary stream and will not solve any problem.
14- Appears like either enough thought process has not gone in while designing or the design is made in the interest of greedy bureaucrats and rally Estate people.
15- Close to 100 objections have been made in this regard.
16- Nowhere in the Master plan, I see that the infrastructure for emergency teams such as ambulances.
17- we increasingly see that the infra for such we have is very bad, infact my personal experience is seeing the ambulances and fire engines going so slow, I personally was able to comfortably overtake them without adding any effort.
18- Also rules around emergency vehicles and general vehicles making path for them.
19- Blocked Rajakaluve is making disaster in the sorounding area in the rainy season.
20- The drinage water enters into the sorounding house's.
21- personally, I do not feel that the city is well equipped with enough rescue team nor plan in the time of a disaster.
22- eg, even when the rain had played havoc it was very evident that there is no planning but just buildings coming up.
23- Action needed on land encroachment.
24- - Regulation for all to submit building plans for old and new buildings.
25- Smart way of mapping of existing localities, buildings etc .
26- Build roads that absorb water.
27- it is helpful to manage water in roads in rainy season.
28- Separate waste with the help of some sensors.
29- Technology is way ahead in Bangalore.
30- Make worthy use of it.
31- Separate glass, wood, refine water, plastics etc and recycle them with proper way.
32- Hope this turns good!!.
33- Rain water drains should be monitored.
34- Water stagnated areas should be identified.
35- Lakes enchrochers should be punished severely.
36- Roads and buildings should be accessed by Fire fighting vehicles.
37- The plan is good.
38- please give approvals only to construction which obey the rules for safety.
39- The hazard risk assessment does not identify terrorist attack as a risk.
