1- Education is something which every kid in d society needs.
2- But our society is such dat only ppl wit money get education.
3- Y is d fee for schools so high in Bangalore pls make a change by 2031.
4- None of the above says anything about improving the quality of education in the govt schools.
5- Sad.
6- Increasing the number of schools is not going to solve the problem.
7- One example is , in kadugodi area even a daily laborer is sending their kids to private schools as the quality of education in govt schools is not good.
8- Primary goal should be to increase the quality in the govt schools.
9- Besides just setting up of schools, There needs to be monitoring of what's being taught in the school.
10- The curriculum needs to be more streamlined and focused with government schools having someone to oversee them.
11- Such that all funds are being used correctly and that the fund are being received by the schools.
12- Govt schools don't exisit.
13- Private schools should not be allowed to implement fees on their own.
14- An educational body should be constituted and recommend the fees that can be charged.
15- In any city only privates schools are good not the government ones.
16- Even though fees are high, quality of education provided is better than the government schools.
17- This is my opinion.
18- Some kids don't even know basic addition.
19- So they can't be blamed.
20- We need to get teachers trained too.
21- Not just female teachers, but male teachers too.
22- Nowadays, teachers don't get the respect that they should.
23- Karnataka can follow the Delhi model wherein public schools are getting improved, also more kids are leaving private schools to join public schools.
24- Improve the infrastructure of the government schools.
25- Digitize all sorts of necessary processes both in government and in private.
26- Education in karnataka is not merely equal to education in Bengaluru.
27- Develop schools in the other districts as well.
28- Don't make school children burden by  carrying such heavy bags.
29- It would be better if this is implemented.
30- Nowadays, school is not a place to learn, but to get a 10th certificate.
31- Let all schools tie up with edu start-ups.
32- Same goes to colleges and universities also.
33- Let certain universities have a MOU with foreign universities.
34- Truly speaking graduating from a VTU college is not worth it compared to NITs and IITs even though considering the fact that karnataka is an educational hub of India.
35- Make the students industry ready.
36- Improve research facilities.
37- Teachers have to be in schools.
38- Why are govt schools maintained bad.
39- Why there is no effort in making better then private.
40- Why let thrive private institutions rule the Roost in such a advance city?? Why Education has become business?? .
41- Shoud make all the public goverment schools to same standard as equal to Pvt schools.
42- Govt should plan for transportation facilities to provide  all primary and higher education students above 1 kms.
43- There should be free of cost.
44- The fee in private schools needs to be monitored by the government.
45- As of now the fees are too high for no reason.
46- What is the performance level of the govt.
47- schools? Are they satisfactory? Why are the govt.
48- schools primarily for the poorer sections of the society?.
49- Take care of government schools.
50- System is not good.
51- I am an active volunteer in the educational background and I've been to government schools on a regular basis for around 3 years to engage students in certain recreational activities and also outside the syllabus learning.
52- I have observed that the government schools lacks1.
53- complete infrastructure, 2.
54- awareness about the importance of education among the students, 3.
55- interest among teachers.
56- The first issue needs urgent attention as few schools lack toilets for students and thus creates an impact on their attendance.
57- There's also need for basic laboratory facilities so that the students learn science with the help of experiments under supervision.
58- This creates interest among students to pursue the career of their choice.
59- There needs to be a well stacked library for the students so that they can read inspirational books to develop a good character and become a responsible citizen in the society.
60- The students should also be provided with facilities to support their extra-curricular activities like sports, dance, singing, art among others.
61- This gives a great platform and confidence for the students to follow their passion.
62- The second issue is solved when we provide enough opportunities for the students by solving the first issue.
63- The importance of education should be known to every student and their parents because lot of students drop out of school due to financial or social issues.
64- This needs to addressed by counseling the parents and informing them about the facilities provided by government to promote education.
65- And the lack of interest among the teachers is a well known issue in government schools.
66- This needs quick attention since a student learns from their teacher.
67- Teachers need to be selected based on merit and their interest for teaching.
68- If this is done, the government is successful in promoting education for all.
69- Please include a subject on(C.
70- R)for the school kids.
71- Which includes about first aid to be given to an accident victim.
72- First of all education system must change I think it is the solution for all the problems.
73- we must change the way of teaching and the syllabus(considering the present scope) for primary and secondary education.
74- Apart from this there needs to be compulsory practice of cleanliness as well as good environmental practices to be done at school levels, educating children and in turn educating parents for a better education and a better Bangalore .
75- It's not just about the facilities that is important.
76- Well, we have to engineer the mindsets of the future generations.
77- It's a very important thing for us to do.
78- Our educational system is been bizzare comparatively to other countries and it's a night time for us to really take this up seriously and let's be more open to everything and appreciate individuality in the best way possible.
79- By this, it helps us live in a better and a sensible manner.
80- It is not enough if more Govt Schools are set up.
81- Problem is no one including economically weaker sections of the society would like to send their children to Govt Schools.
82- So quality of schools should be better.
83- Environmental studies in greater detail should be essential part of curriculum.
84- Children should be made aware of noise and air pollution.
85- There can be incentive for children who walk to schools or use public transport as opposed to getting dropped by parents.
86- This way children will become aware of using public transport.
87- Parents too should be educated on environmental issues periodically.
88- Their should be a control over the fee structures of Colleges.
89- The common people of bangalore can't afford the education nowadays .
90- To cater the healthcare problems, this city needs 4-5 world class medical colleges.
91- These should produce around 1000 doctors minimum every year.
92- Every govt hospital should be corruption free and should charge a amount which can be affordable to lower society of the city.
93- Govt should start a health insurance  for every resident of Bangalore by charging a minimal premium.
94- This can bring down the health cost to govt and the people.
95- Since not every person will be sick at the same time.
96- We are not teaching ! We are following the syllabus.
97- Better educational standards are mandatory rather than just increasing the number of schools.
98- Effective, Quality learning is always a top priority.
99- Education management in government schools should be at par with private institutions.
100- Replicate American methodology to improve government schools.
101- Infrastructure should be improved by using JNuRm funds, adopt CBSE curriculum, train teachers, monitor with access control for Teachers, improve sports facilities in government schools, uniform and shoes should be freely given to children, neat and higenic etiquette to children, security, activities, online education should be introduced to government schools.
102- Good idea.
103- This means access to quality education by everyone.
104- Apart from having a sufficient number of schools accessible to all, it is really necessary to focus on quality so that public schools have more uniform standards, making it possible for children to neighbourhood schools thereby reducing traffic.
105- It is also imperative to educate children about the history, language and culture of Bengaluru so that they are better integrated in the city unlike the current situation where there is a complete cultural and linguistic erosion.
106- More effort needs to be made to make children citizens of the city who contribute to its betterment.
107- Ours is the worst education system as the students are under immense pressure only to score high marks .
108- They are not focused on practical and logical knowledge and generally never encouraged on deep thinking and new ideas.
109- Also good education is very expensive.
110- An well educated society will definitely make a better world.
111- We have to make education affordable to common man with amenities to encourage sports etc apart from studies which is very expensive today.
112- Need to regulate the fees for pvt school as well, The education is like a business now.
113- Need to have some cap on this.
114- How about the school fees.
115- Parents who want to give good education to their children back out in sending them to good schools due to the fees charged by these institutions.
116- Quality of Education needs to be improved.
117- Instead of increasing the number of schools, focus should be on improving the quality of education in the current schools.
118- To ensure teachers come to schools regularly and take the classes.
119- I hope these will be implemented.
120- There is a need of competitive government schools.
121- Every ward should at least one good government school.
122- I am part of a voluntary group that teaches science, Math and English to govt/community schools.
123- The quality of teachers and education imparted is below the required standard.
124- Stidents need a life cach who will change thir attitude towards life in general and learning will happen as a positive bye product.
125- Education in Bangalore is getting too expensive and more commercial making it difficult for middle class families to afford.
126- The conditions of government schools are beyond pathetic.
127- It's not only about accessibility, it is also about the quality of education and a quality conditions of the schools.
128- You must pay attention and take into account increasing the funds to the government schools and put in place a system to monitor those funds are effectively utilised by the authorities of the schools.
129- Not everyone can afford private schools and hence the future of many children is at risk due to lack of quality education and health .
130- There should also be a cut-off on the fees and ban on donation so that the deserved gets the best and all schools are affordable to all.
131- Good plan but also private schools fee annually 10 to 30%hike it is really a burden for parents even if both are working try to get to a standard less than 10% across all the private schools .
132- The fee structure is too high nowadays for school.
133- Please try to limit the school fees it's getting high year after year,  not everybody can afford the amount private schools are offering .
134- The statement or details at a superficial level might make sense but specific details and policies are required to implement this.
135- How is BDA going to ensure playgrounds are provided when they themselves have sold these so called playgrounds for other private parties all these years? How are they going to ensure, such encroachment is prevented? How are they ensuring that all such facilities are provided equally and not as an eyewash?.
136- How do you ensure quality of staff and maintainence of the facilities.
137- There aren’t many options for children with special needs.
138- Need a mandate for most of mainstream schools to include facilities for special needs as well.
139- Also need monetary support from government and private institutions to support special needs children as its really expensive to support their needs.
140- Education and Health needs Must be at very very low cost and the future is like the private schools shd start compete with govt schools.
141- Schools are there but is the curriculum right to teach empathy and social and ecological responsibility to children? We need to make sure we are bringing up responcible children who through mandatory social projects get involved on a daily basis.
142- And yes make the schools simpler and more child friendly.
143- Quality of governament schools should be improved and try to bring it to par with private schools.
144- The current education system starting from Primary to x & then to XII today is commercialized and is a business.
145- This needs to stop and true merit needs to be recognized.
146- All Schools/Colleges/Institutions should be banned of any kind of donation.
147- All Primary education in Bangalore should be made free across all levels & fee structure should only be accepted from Standard 4 onwards.
148- Private schools/colleges should also not be exempted from this rule.
149- EDUCATION IS A RIGHT FOR EVERY CHILD AND SHOULD NOT GET COMMERCIALIZED.
150- Government schools need to be equipped with modern facilities and updated with technology.
151- The standard of education needs to be raised.
152- Education institutions are seen as money making centers.
153- give schools should be strong enough to compete with private school.
154- Rich n poor both should b able to afford same kind of education in the society.
155- teacher recruitment procedure should b changed.
156- Education has become a business which is more profitable.
157- Alternate education system should come up.
158- Upgrade government schools to at least to satisfaction level where one can breath easily and send their children to schools.
159- Policy may be done to restrict fee structure of private schools.
160- Encourage government employees to join their children to government schools and get tax exemption and other benefits.
161- Educating government school children about the future opportunities in various sectors.
162- Link some of the volunteer companies to schools so that they can incorporate various programmes at schools.
163- The focus of the Education has to shift from information to creating interest.
164- From competition to inclusion.
165- Education system to be tweaked so that children learn and enjoy the process of learning rather than focussing on getting marks.
166- This is required if we are really bothered about the future of our children and the future of our country.
167- Do we really need so many kinder gardens and primary schools.
168- It is an burden on children as children as young as 2 years are put into care homes or kinder gardens.
169- As an result more institutions are created for making money and are often industries or factories processing kids.
170- On an average at least one of the married couple husband or wife will have an minimum qualification of graduation.
171- Hence they can educate them at home until they are 5 or 6yrs old which is safe for parents and kids, it will discourage the greedy education industry, no risk of transport or crime or unhealthy food.
172- So if the government comes up with an online certification or common examination centre where it can provide some assessments or grades for kids especially age 3 to 5 years annually and make it completely legal which will help them in entering primary schools.
173- Many problems can be solved.
174- An policy needs to be developed for home based education.
175- There needs to be a ceiling on school fees in private schools following the Indian syllabus.
176- Education must be made affordable by capping the fees structure.
