1- Again, how many people are using the govt run hospitals.
2- This is purely due to the pathetic quality of treatment provided by them.
3- We go to private hospitals knowing that they loot us because it is health.
4- Charge a nominal amount in the govt hospital and provide good health care.
5- Run them at No profit No loss.
6- People are ready to pay for a quality health care.
7- Stop coming up with new pathetic solutions.
8- Start working on whats in your hand.
9- First make current healthcare infra better.
10- Every govt.
11- sector should collaborate with corporates and there should be stocks for healthcare companies which is regulated and controlled by govt.
12- Government should try to work on the Model of Mohalla Clinic, which can provide Free and High Standard Medical Facilities for all the citizens.
13- if there are such facilities available, the Low Supply is not able to cater to high demands in the City.
14- BDA Complexes or Existing IT Parks can be used to open such clinics, this will avoid looking for more space in the City and would prove economical to setup a clinic.
15- ಆರೋಗ್ಯ ವೆ ಭಾಗ್ಯ Hygiene is most important.
16- Atleast provide some sophisticated equipment to clean the drainage and make sure that drainage doesn't mix with the drinking water.
17- Healthcare isn't just about constructing hospitals but also providing access to clean drinking water,fresh eatables and proper waste management.
18- Provide all these facilities to the people so that they don't need any hospitals.
19- Provide clean facilities and you don't have to construct many hospitals.
20- All government hospitals should be checked every month.
21- And there should be an online review system which would be regulated n shown for public.
22- Government hospitals should be improved.
23- Government should keep an eye on the prices charged at the private hospitals and to keep it reasonable.
24- Government should start a health insurance.
25- There needs to be better signage of healthcare centers (in all major languages used in the city) so that people know where the govt.
26- healthcare facilities are.
27- Dissatisfied.
28- How about making a team which gets educated about basic first aid to be given to the victim.
29- Lets take a common accident.
30- People start moving the person met with an accident with their own knowledge and make them drink water without knowing whether,is he breathing sufficiently or not.
31- If he isn't then what needs to be done till he is hospitalized?(C.
32- R) The team if can achieve this target of educating people about basic first aid and (C.
33- This will bring massive change in saving lives of many.
34- This isn't about just educating people by awareness programs.
35- This should be taught right from the primary school not even as an awareness program which lasts in mind for few days.
36- Better to make it as a part of their subjects.
37- PLEASE.
38- Private hospitals should be more regularised.
39- Since the ancient times, the cannabis plant is used in so many ways in terms of medicine and spiritual well-being.
40- I feel so shocked and ashamed that we Indiana have made the beautiful mighty plant illegal, though there are no proof of harm through this plant I have nonidea why they have illegalized it.
41- Right now lot of european countries and American countries have began legalizing this plant and it has improved a lot.
42- HEMP can be used for the textile purposes and even use it to build certain things like a car, house etc.
43- I WISH INDIA LEGALIZES THIS MIGHTY PLANT AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
44- PLEASE.
45- Technology has be implemented into helath care for the pirpose of better serving of patients ,health care services should be provided to the  patients with in no delay in time  and utmost care should be enhanced with older people with the use of technology with help of which we can assess the problem of the patient and hence improve the patient condition this would help us in improving the health of elderly patients especially but not only this there s a lot in the health care systems to be changed.
46- The main important thing is implentation of role of clinical pharmacist in the health care field which has proved to be very effective in other countries in reducing cost and the adverse effects if treating drugs.
47- There's alot more points to be discussed.
48- Govt hospital are there in every ward,but there not available for common man 24/7 doctors & nurses are not available all the time & ignorant attitude of them are the reason why people go towards Private hospital.
49- Kindly rework on quality of hospitality you provide.
50- Primary, Secondary and Tertiary levels is to be streamlined and guidelines given in Mass media.
51- - Quality of healthcare system needs to be improved- Better insurance coverage to be introduced by the government scheme to provide for a world-class health care covered by insurance.
52- - Quality of Government Hospitals need to be improved at least to match the private hospital sector.
53- - Provide better health care at government hospitals covered by insurance at minimal costs.
54- - Public private partnership with government hospitals suggested.
55- Please ensure the hospital is to good standard and price charges to be affordable .
56- Every ward should have a primary health center with full facilities to cater the primary health needs of citizens.
57- One should learn from the KERALA government which has primary health center in almost all wards of panchayat, municipalities and corporations in the state.
58- No adquate health clinics managed by govt.
59- No community health centre.
60- There should be one obc in each of the wards.
61- Government hospitals should be more encouraged by providing good class services so that the poor also gets the best medical facilities .
62- Haelth Care System need some More Health Care Workers.
63- Traffic management certainly needs more attention.
64- We need to bring in discipline in the minds of Indians.
65- Trees are cut for whatever reasons, we need a dust free and clean India.
66- Healthcare is very poor.
67- Healthcare focus currently is making money.
68- Is it possible to change their focus on treating the poor and creating a healthy environment.
69- Mera Bhrath Mahan.
70- What about affordability?  Bring in a state wide insurance policy - Can aadhar not be used for this?.
71- With the accessibility of the hospitals, it should also consider affordability aspects for every level of people.
72- Fully equipped Govt hospitals at a radius of 5km should be  provided.
73- focus on making existing assets function rather than building more dysfunctional assets.
74- Adopt patient management and accountability systems.
75- look at what AAP is doing in Delhi to ensure assets are functioning well and well utilized.
