1- Car owners should have  a mandatory car parking space in the house/building planned .
2- Plans for the future housing solution look amazing, especially the sharing of 5% for EWS.
3- But every house must ensure to have some environmental impact, on the good side though.
4- What I mean to say is that buildings must be termed as green buildings by using green materials, etc etc.
5- The maximum no of floor needs to be checked.
6- and economic weaker sections must be identified correctly.
7- the builders must get maximum punishment if they violate the conditions.
8- Need to ensure there is no parking done in front of the houses.
9- Start taking stringent action on all the 4 wheeler that are parked outside the premises.
10- The city would look very clean and safer to commute.
11- Don't permit multi storey buildings without leaving the needed 5-6 feet open space around the buildings.
12- Make it compulsory to leave enough open space and restrict too many buildings in small areas as the water from bore wells are dried up too quickly.
13- All the building information like approval details etc should be made public on e-portal.
14- This will help people.
15- Who all are fall under general merit category and also for widows, EWS housing should reserve at least 16 to 21%.
16- Lot of illegal constructions everywhere.
17- Need to demolish illegal structures to widen the road.
18- Make Strictly no parking on roads.
19- Make residents make their own parking arrangements.
20- While approving the new housing initiated by government or private should be after considering the water resources and safety of water Bodies.
21- Bengaluru lost lot of lakes already, without water resources no human can live.
22- Also the bbmp and bda authorities should Concentrate on the construction which should not have any deviation.
23- Why the deviation should be allowed by authorities the approve with penalties?.
24- Link BESCOM RR Nos.
25- with PID Nos.
26- of all Residential and Commercial buildings in Bangalore and any non payment of BBMP taxes for more than one year should result in disconnection of power supply to such buildings.
27- This will improve Tax collection.
28- It is a well known fact to the Mayor, Chief Engineers and every bodu oin BBMP that more than 30 % of properties in Bangalore are not paying Taxes at all for the last more than 25 years.
29- When.
30- One of the major trends in recent construction is the rise of 'matchbox' style buildings that are painted in ugly 'vaastu' colours.
31- Why can't there be a council for every ward in the city that consists of well educated urban planners under whose scrutiny, building plans are evaluated and better planned buildings with proper ventilation is built.
32- Also, other things like rain water harvesting, solar exterior lighting and water heating systems must be encouraged to be included in building plans (although not mandatory, at least such councils must advise building owners to make room for future upgrades in this direction.
33- It is not at all futuristic.
34- Higher FAR is the only solution to the growing needs of the city.
35- The city can now grow only vertically as the empty land space for development is going to decline.
36- We will  end up with no space for development in the future.
37- We also have to provide proportionate lung space for the city.
38- So vacant land is the key to future development.
39- Not satisfied with the current hosing model followed.
40- Residential areas should be safeguarded .
41- high rises in Central business district should be stopped as it is creating more congestion and we dont have infrastructure to sustain the vertical growth.
42- No more approval from high rises in centre of bangalore.
43- We need to put a stop to our greed where we are harming ourself without understanding the consquences beneath it.
44- So, city should expand in outskirts not in centre.
45- At present there is too much commercialization in residential areas.
46- Too many shops and too little business.
47- Hurts both residents as well as these commercial establishments.
48- Clear demarcation for commercial activity should be made and commercial use in residential areas should be put down with iron hand.
49- At present particularly in BDA formed layouts there is too much of commercialization as RWAs are non existent in BDA layouts.
50- In my opinion, Govt should restrict giving permission to multi story buildings.
51- As more people residing in small area resulting in more traffic, more pollution, more water consumption, more garbage creation and more parking of vehicles problem.
52- At least should not give permission to apartments above 4th Floor.
53- Only Ground + 3 floor can be allowed.
54- It will be difficult to manage by any Govt.
55- Already area within BBMP are overcrowded due to maximum multi storied buildings.
56- No Kaveri water, No 24X7 power supply, No Drainage (UGD) and heavy traffic problem.
57- Govt should plan to restrict population congestion within BBMP limits.
58- Build more satellite townships with all the facilities to decongest  the city central areas.
59- .
60- Allow big sky scrappers in this city.
61- Great.
62- Housing is getting more and more expensive.
63- Buying a house in Bangalore has nearly become impossible for a common man.
64- Bar commercial activity in residential zones.
65- Bar massive trees in residential zones.
66- (Huge trees belong in parks).
67- Provide housing to corporate employees near work place(old idea - similar to PSU housing colonies-HMT,HAL,BEL,ITI).
68- Please do not give permissions to bigger projects(6000 flats) if there is no good road accessbility.
69- only facts.
70- what will u do to improve situations.
71- sounds impossible .
72- Not clear how permission has been given to construct by destruction of nature be it lakes park's or forest area.
73- This has to stop.
74- Need to create more green cover for the city.
75- Property registration is nightmare.
76- There is no online process.
77- All are dominates by agents.
78- Need to have online way of registering alongwith some identifiers like Aadhar/PAN.
79- EWS housing should be taken up as pure government work rather than involving private parties.
80- Land acquisition from private developers by giving incentives is a good idea, but asking for a share of the flats for EWS is not so good, developers will be wary of doing that.
81- For large scale developers the CSR initiative may be used and ask them to spend the CSR amount on EWS housing, Land should belong to Government and buildings made by developers.
82- Similar to the initiative taken by the Police department years ago to build good quality police station through various developers.
83- People start living and building their own house even before the facilities are made available.
84- License to build should be given only after all the facilities are completed, for which the betterment charges are levied.
85- Any change or demolition should have the approval of the residents and neighbourhood.
86- Better to have high rise buildings with a clear vacant space in between the buildings for landscaping and safety purposes, like approach for a fire tender.
87- The dimensions could be decided by the competent persons .
88- Multistorey building should be promoted as this would increase the lung space availability.
89- All illegal Apartments those are blocked lake and rain water .
90- What is the criterion for affordable housing is not clear.
91- Nothing planned for people not looking for affordable housing?.
92- Bda is alloting plots in Kempegowda layout block 2 and its very clear from the master plan that the sites are falling under buffer area from lake/primary/secondary rajakaluve and violating ngt and bda's own terms.
93- But assessing officers from bda are turning blind eye and claiming their allotments are legal.
94- If the responsibile organisation itself is faltering like this, who else will follow the guidelines and also who will be responsible if the allotted sites run into issues because of this in future? THIS HAS ALREADY HAPPENED IN THE PAST AND YET NO INTENTION BY BDA TO CORRECT IT.
95- Expand city limits to ensure that more land is available for housing thereby reducing the stress on existing areas and bringing down cost of housing.
96- There ia should be rules for renting houses.
97- Owners charging too much and biggest concern is advance of 11 months.
98- this is too much.
99- Sounds really good, would love to see it implemented.
100- Get all of the property to be government owned.
101- This removes corruption completely since not 1 person owns land.
102- Then, lease land out to people who own for their life time.
103- This in itself will remove a lot of the corruption and land grabbing that happens today and reduces the amount of effort spent in trying to recover it back.
104- Reference is drawn to the proposed land use Map of revised Master Plan for 2031 for planning district 2, Indiranagar- Kagadaspura, where Domlur 2nd Stage is shown.
105- The map does not show the BDA MIG flats as residential area (shown in white instead of yellow) and also does not include the service road adjacent to the flats.
106- These flats and road are constructed by BDA.
107- All big residential apartments need to have a 80 ft road accessing the apartment.
108- Each new construction to contribute to some land for road construction.
109- Every building in Bangalore should be provided with mandatory parking area.
110- No compromise to any citizen irrespective of power and positions.
111- There should not be more than 6 to 9 flats in a building.
112- There are pockets where Housing is extremely expensive.
113- And areas which have proper connectivity is really booming.
114- the goons who have grabbed the Lake lands and other Illegal areas should be recovered by the government.
115- Car parking slot  dimensions has been increased in width from 2.
116- 5 m to 2.
117- 75m.
118- When all new vehicles are coming with much better maneuverability and tighter turning radii.
119- this puts a requirement for additional area to be constructed in parking basements and MLCPs and affects the column planning grids negatively and causes the unnecessary construction of additional floor area for a given count of parking.
120- 5m width is an internationally accepted standard.
121- Currently the new housing layout's are not up to planned cities in other parts of India.
122- We need to provide enough space to infrastructure like Roads, public utility, (thinking 50 years ahead), sports facilities for the young generation and open space to grow trees and waste water management.
123- Proper town planning needs to be maintained.
124- # 46/C, Sai Krupa, Fair Field Layout, Race Course Road, Bengaluru - 0, we are residing in this layout for last 25 years and all of a sudden you have made this layout as commercial zone which is highly unacceptable and objectable, we request you kindly consider the above layout as residential zone.
125- I check all house the House construction plan and Tender BDA approve plan is totally different.
126- This should be stop and bring there notice.
127- I think the plan is a good start.
128- But I think we need to be more ambitious and think out of the box on housing.
129- Housing layouts should be provided with adequate transportation feeder services.
130- Neighbourhood planning should be considered.
131- Waste management should begin at this level.
132- This section does not seem to be viable.
133- seems like trying to dump responsibility without any study.
134- It would be better for certain locations across the city to be identified as government housing for EWS.
135- and the government invests in maintaining these to adequate standards.
136- Instead of making blanket statements like all government land will be used for EWS housing.
137- neighbourhood security and cctv cover to be improved .
