1- every house/township/apartment newly build should be mandated to plant minimum 5 times the tress destroyed in that area. Because all plants planted might now grow so if it is planted in higher number 30% of it will grow.
2- Water bodies encroachment should be reversed and all the land should be taken  back 
3- Dissolve BDA and BBMP permanently. 
4- some places which were residential in old CDP have changed to other like semi public, or park without any reason even after they have been converted from agriculutur. 
5- Many existing roads have not been shown.I have seen Planning Districts 1 & 2 and have seen many existing roads not shown.It appears that due diligence has not been followed.In Planning District 1,portions of  earlier Residential (Main) are shown as "Unclassified".These were originally(in CDP) shown as Residential and have not changed in any way.But in RMP 2031 Draft they are shown as Unclassified.The same blunder is being made again and again reflecting the laxity in preparing the Existing Land Use Map.If this is incorrect then how can the Proposed Land Use Map make sense?
6- Please don’t allow commercial activities in purely resedential areas in the Name of mixed use . All bye lanes of Koramangala and indiranagar have already been spoiled . HSR layout is next in line 
7- Got an unique plan for Namma Bengaluru to go vertical! No need to revise the CDP for every 15years, without completing 80% of work!  My plan is for 100years and complete the whole CDP on ground reality (Work done within 5years.) With no loss for land lords and profitable for Government!!! More over it would be a study model for developed western countries!!!!!! To know more fix up a meet with Mr. CM, BDA Chairman & BDA Commissioner.  With warm regards Syed Hassan Naazir Abedi +91 9620463836 Email: naazirabedi@gmail.com
8- All major roads footpaths in residential roads are occupied by vendors and hawkers, which hinders the smooth movement of public on footpaths. My request is to earmark specific open areas for vendors and hawkers for their trade and make free footpath for movement of public
9- BDA it self is violating green belt norms, added to that even after development is allowed in Green belt still May shows in green which is ridiculous,... secondly BDA plan states 100ft road for certain areas in 2015 plan, but its not implemented... master plan has last its value, its a wasteful expenditure exercise... 
10- In plan the roads are passing through the apartments without proper planning
11- Large parts of HSR Layout is already used mainly for highly commercial activities e.g the full stretch of 17th Cross Road. But the plan does not recognise this. It would be better to designate all sites on such roads as permitted for commercial activities to minimise corruption. 
12- On ground reality and the plan does not match. It looks certain that the planning team never visited locations and made plans sitting in the office with out getting real time situation. The tragic traffic situation in Bangalore is haphazard approval or unauthorised development of SMALL scale residential layouts and apartment complexes. At least one the areas planned for residential purposes should be in a mega scale like PRIVATE CLUSTER OF LANDS AND WHOLESOME PLANNING OF HUDREDS OF ACRES IN A PLANNED TOWNSHIP AND ACCESSABILITY. DO NOT PERMIT  A FEW ACRES FOR PIECE MEAL DEVELOPMENT AND CONSOLIDATE HUNDREDS OR EVEN THOSANDS OF ACRES IN TO ONE TOWNSHIP PLANNING. LIKE WHO EVER PLANNED JAYANAGAR N JP NAGAR ROAD FRON SOUTH END CIRCLE TO BANASHANKARI_SILK BOARD ROAD, 30 YEARS AGO.
13- Need to reduce the mixed use of land. Meaning, BDA need to separate the commercial versus residential areas.
14- The city needs more lungs. There are places like Ramamurthy nagar which has no park. Every inch is covered by buildings. Buildings jutting into the foot paths. , no place for children to play, or adults to walk. The foot paths are in terrible state . with gaps opening into drainage, vendors blocking the foot paths completely.The city is choking and all of us , Bangaloreans feel our health is deteriorating because of the over crowding and all other things that follow mushrooming of buildings. 
15- Please make a rule that all new buildings constructed in Bangalore especially in crowded areas, market places, Highways etc to strictly and compulsorily make provisions for public toilets inside their building to be maintained by BBMP. The area of the Toilet should be not less than 200 Sft. BBMP will provide extra FAR for the area of the toilet of double the same For EX. if toilet area is 200 sft, Builder gets increase in FAR of say 400 to 500 sft which can be added to the building in any Floor.
16- Government should stop approving Big Apartments and Tech parks construction where already the traffic and population density is high.
17- Land marked in RMP 2015 as residential use is marked as transport use in RMP 2031
18- it sounds great but we need to awarer of the land using as if there is no tomorrow  try planting as much as tree , like  at the traffic signals,bus stops and the area where people roam around more. We can always take this forward without even seeing it as a huge step.
19- Not maintained, not used or maintained for the specific purpose. Most of the land encroached or dumped the garbage.
20- Land aqusation for roads not satisfied
21- For any approval for any building, one need to see whether its leaving the space for greenery or not, Waste management in place or not, Rain water harvesting is there or not. Few of them are already in place but not followed religiously, More stringent actions are needed to implement it. Green cover & trees on any house premises should be must.  
22- Hi
23- Where is Tumkur Road in the plan!!!There is so much abundance of land and also it's connected by metro and good roads.Now the metro being built till international exhibition centre there is connectivity for industries to be set up there.Also NICE road being attached is added advantage.Kindly do not overcrowd Bengaluru along Hosur Road,Bellary Road and sarjapura road
24- Please allow big sky scrappers in this city. this will save land and allow to create big parks. But these buildings should be earthquake proof for a eathquake as powerful as 8.5 on Richter scale.
25- Illegal constructions and constructing buildings very close to each other is resulting in less water. For every building, there should be at least one tree planted.
26- Residential buildings within Survey #77 are being shown as being either on the Chikkalasandra lake or in the buffer zone. This is a big change from previous bda master plan, where they were shown as legitimate residential buildings. Please rectify this error.
27- Everyday new vehicles are causing parking hazards while the number of no parking boards increase. Why no solution for these things? Let me suggest you - please utilise manekshaw parade grounds and the outer part of chinnaswamy stadium for parking. Also you may discuss with school authorities of schools with huge playgrounds to allow parking between 6 pm to 10 pm. This will not affect the school's daily activities and solve parking problems. Thanks 
28- Some area like chokasandra village, which is around 2 km from Sarjapura main Road should have been considered for yellow zone since there are good schools and other facilities so that people can build houses and leave peacefully from the city.  
29- Ok. But use more land for growing trees. Make Bangalore airial view prior to 1991.
30- CA sites are not properly marked as public/semi public sites at HMT Layout R T Nagar, HMT Layout is not marked as Visvesvaraya Nagar (V V Nagar) a slum is named as Visvesvarayanagar
31- Land use in residential area unclear. Most of residential is thickly commercialized.   No breathing space ,no peace, no security of life. 
32- Lake boundaries buffer zone in not possible in developed areas 
33- Our Objections on  Heritage Aspects are as per enclosed pdf (also available online at  bit.ly/RMP31HeritageInputs ) 
34- Footpath should be for pedestrians, not for hawkers.
35- If land use is given prime concern like alloting the right proportions for housing,green cover,roadways,garbage and sewage management etc. then automatically so many issues are taken care of.
36- I have noticed that the sy no for which BDA has issued NOC for conversion of land from agriculture to residential purpose and the DC has already converted the sy no to residential purpose based on the NOC issued by BDA have been changed to Public and semi public with out issuing Notices land owners regarding the same
37- This is pretty neat. Well thought out. Hope the implementation is taken up with same vigor as the green buffer mostly gets occupies illegally. There needs to be a punishable law to take action against those who occupy green belts illegally. 
38- BDA needs to hear that its method of 'planning' begins with a faulty premise: that it writes a draft plan and then asks for inputs. A metropolitan city's municipal corporation, public services agencies, planning agency must have enough of a budget to foster citizen direction (not 'inclusion', we are not serfs) to all the sectors (environment, education, health, etc) listed at the start of this document. Planning includes discrading, halting, capping, recognising limits and adjusting behaviours to those limits. BDA has made none of these possible.
39- Encroachment of lands by builders which are lakes or water bodies creates water shortage and decreases ground water level.
40- There is NO consensus taken from public and there is NO awareness about CDP 2031. The NGT increased the Buffer zone to 70 mts for all lakes in bangalore. NGT is referring to maps which are based on 1905 British survey. most of these lakes have dried up in 1970's and 1980's and there is no source of any water in these lakes left. BDA has converted these lakes and areas around lakes for residential use to be sold to public. now what is the point of looking at old non-existent lakes. NGT should do a current survey to outline current lakes and try to save them instead. It is duty of BDA to protect the rights of public who have legally purchased the sites based on their life savings and have being pay property tax regularly. If the CDP is approved most of the areas around lakes will lose it's value, BDA should look to compensate to public via its market value as many people have already constructed houses in this areas. BDA should deal this matter very delicately otherwise it will be a catastrophe for all bangaloreans and it will destroy 1/3 bangalore. people will not trust and invest in bangalore anymore.  
41- Survey #77 at Chikkalasandra is now in buffer zone which is huge deviation from previous plan
42- Footpaths are encroached all over the city. Build barriers for vehicles  to enter footpaths. Food vendors have taken up Whitefield foot paths totally. I have raised complains like 6 times. Complain was closed without doing anything. Food vendors dirty the place and throw garbage on footpaths and roads. Chances of pedestrians meeting accident due to vehicular movement on roads.
43- Stop any further urbanization, ask government to leverage other cities, stop migration of people , if continue to allow any more building , city will die due shortage of water, road, air, 
44- Plot no. 2 in LIC Colony, Jivan Bima Nagar is marked as Post Office. the post office already exists in the earmarked area.. Also Kittur Rani Chennamma park exists is a small corner.. this whole area is the only Green area in the colony and is surrounded by 30 feet roads.. by keeping it as public utility spaces, you are creating additional traffic and footfalls in an already crowded colony.. Also there is no other playground/park for a 1 km surrounding and this is the only lungspace available for the colony residents.. Do not trade the lung space and environment of the colony for noise polluting concrete jungles and spoil the lives of the citizens around.. 
45- The village yellow zone limits has to be increased by actual as the development has been more in that area 
46- Sir please take out buffer zone near lake as our plots will have no value and we had bought in 2002 and if you add 75mts around the lake our resale market value of the plots will become zero value Area chikkalsandra lake 
47- Poor land use, illegal occupation by the powerful and Corrupt and an extremely unhealthy situation is created in the city.
48- The city is already extremely densely populated, we need to expand the municipal boundaries by at least 15 kms in all directions so that more areas open up to development 
49- Objection to widening of Borewell Road, Whitefield  Our homes will be destroyed with any further road widening.  We are senior citizens and built/ bought these homes as our retirement homes.  Also, with earlier road widening, we have already lost 8-10 feet of land and boundary walls, trees and garden for which we were never compensated.  Also, no authority has acknowledged this loss or taken responsibility.  The government needs to protect its citizens who are regular taxpayers and abide by rules and regulations.   We’re already too close to the road and are now suffering from air and noise pollution, which has lead to skin, respiratory diseases, allergies and further hearing loss. KnP Sridharan, 244 Borewell Road, Whitefield, Bangalore 560066
50- Existing parks in Defence Colony, PD 2, have not been marked correctly. These are the senior citizen's park (4th cross, 4th main) and the small playground adjacent to the 6th main maidan on the link road. These are parks/grounds currently and needs to be corrected and recognised as parks in the 2031 plan instead of as residential.
51- Rajakaluve buffer zone is too much. And should maintain the old buffer zone... People buy sites by all hard earned money..why BDA gives approval for such areas.  So its can't be changed just like that. 
52- Great 
53- Shift the industries and software parks with in central city limits. This will make people move to city outskirts for housing needs there by decongestion in the central city. I don't understand how can NDA give permission to open software parks in main city and expect traffic to reduce and nearby already cramped neighborhood to be in livable conditions. Please use land near Nelamagala so that city can grow towards other cities and help the locals maximum rather developing areas near Karanataka border. It's very disappointing to know that Nelamagala area has never been considered for industrial parks though the access to new airport is much better compared to other areas. 
54- Redefine category of commercial property. Should a Kirana store be considered as commercial property? Residential areas will have small stores which is essential for the community. Increase use of mixed purpose use of property.
55- Encroachments have to be tackled aggressively.
56- While division of districts for specific use is a good Idea, however considering people move around in from various parts of the city for work specific spaces should be allocated within each district/location for common multi level parkings, and feeder transport provided from that point.  As an example, AECS Layout Brookefiled has a significant space allocated to government offices like Bangalore one, Corporator  office and others. This land should be converted as a Multi level parking cum Bus Stand cum Government offices. All nationalised banks, Nationalised Insurance and other such government and semi government services should be encouraged to have offices there.   Ground floor can be Bus-Bay, Basement can be Food court,  3-4 floors for parking and rest for offices. The is similar to the Multi use bus stand built in many part of Bangalore, but needs to be replicated on a smaller scale in other places as well.  Feeder transport in form of electric buses, shared taxies and Hire a bike services should also be made available for people to be able to move around in those areas for shopping and other chores. Pavements should be well maintained for people who may want to walk.  
57- Proposed compensation for existing structures is not fair. There should be compensation in correctness to the market value. Any unfair comp would be not add value to the master plan of making Bangalore better by cheating people. 
58- Tech parks, apartments, multi-level houses, business operations in residential areas - the list is endless. Bangalore will be doomed in no time with such pathetic planning and random approvals of everything. There is no limitations enforced. The outer ring road is a pure mess with a plethora of tech parks coming up every single day. Where is the infrastructure to handle these new tech parks? An average sized tech park can easily increase traffic by adding about 3000-5000 vehicles on the outer ring road road. That's not even considering the service vehicles, buses and cabs!
59- 4.22 % of land  for parks and open spaces and 3.84 % for water bodies and streams is negligible compared to areas allowed for other units like transport and communication. Looks like our future generation will have not good air to breath and enough ground water.
60- Reduced FAR is against public interest 
61- During 1995, Bangalore was city of Parks, Gardens, Lakes. By 2018 unfortunately it has be come polluted cement and traffic city. We should use afforestation and restore greenery of Bangalore. One way to make space in existing land, is by political intervention, convert single story homes spread out in a layout to multi-story building and use the space which gets created for planting trees. It will take a strong political will and discussion with residents to bring about this change. City should be designed to support a population of 4-5 million people in 1000 km square. We are (as of 2018) 8.4 million in 700 km square. We should develop sisters cities such as Tumkur and Ramanagar instead of over populating Bangalore. Whether it is pollution, traffic, the root cause of the problem is Population! Whenever an apartment or mall is constructed, area on which trees should be planted should be indicated and made sure of by BDA/BBMP. Bangalore should have world class roads - not pot hole roads. Please request big companies with track records of creating great infrastructure such as L&T and HCC to build roads for Bangalore.
62- BOREWELL ROAD, WHITEFIELD SHOULD NOT BE WIDENED AGAIN 1) We are senior citizens who have already lost over 8 -10 feet of land and boundary walls (2005) that had to be rebuilt at our own expense.  Todate, no authority has made the effort to compensate us or recognise the seizure of our lands.  2) due to the above, our houses are dangerously close to the road - air and noise pollution that has lead to ailments such as allergies, skin and respiratory diseases and greater loss of hearing.  3) last but equally important, our homes will be destroyed when further widening happens.  These are our homes built with hard earned money for our lifetime.  Where are we to go?  These periodical threats have made us feel very insecure in our sunset years.  We are responsible taxpayers and law abiding citizens.   Similarly, we expect the government to protect our interests before they consider such ‘developmental’ plans. Khurshid Balsara, 265 Borewell Road, Whitefield, Bangalore 560066
63- Good
64- Great Initiative by BDA
