1- Installation of small solar panels with battery like signal lights to be avoided.
2- Grid connected solar panels should be installed on sky-walk, metro / bus stations & private roof tops.
3- AC usage should be minimized by roof top cooling with solar panels / garden and no approval for glass facade buildings which heat-up inside !!.
4- All power lines, telephone, Internet and cable lines have separate small gutter along the roads or over the footpaths.
5- This reduces accidents,theft,Internet cables tied to trees and over houses,traffic being interupted when drilling for ofc and damaging the roads.
6- The bbmp can charge the private Internet companies for laying their line in the gutter.
7- Damaged lines can be replaced easily.
8- smart and cities of the future all have underground networks.
9- Providing a dedicated gutter for all these service lines will be a better solution for this rapidly growing city.
10- Steer lights needs more and bright and better maintainance.
11- There needs to be rules set to avoid wastage of power especially during the celebrations, uncontrolled street lights, etc.
12- The street lights are not on in whitefield area.
13- Even the main roads and main junctions doesnt have enough street lights.
14- It should be mandatory for all apartments n commercial buildings to have solar power.
15- similarly every street light should b solar powered.
16- Maintenance of cables and posts that lean and is hazardous to be in check.
17- And possibly real time monitoring of power usage for consumers and business people could be included in the age of Internet.
18- Irregular power cuts and power fluctuations.
19- We are feeling that ,are we staying in Metro politan city or remote villege?.
20- I think Use of solar and wind energy rather than using nuclear power must be followed strictly in states.
21- Setting up new power plants is a great initiative.
22- We should move over to renewable energy resources now.
23- As solar water heaters are compulsory in every new RCC houses built why doesn't the government provide solar panels for electricity that's enough for houses depending upon the number of floors.
24- There will be very less energy needed and also money for the government from the solar panels that are manufactured.
25- Idea your meter should have a small backup battery & a sim or somthing to report a power cut to you and bescom automatically.
26- + a sms should be sent or the meter should display msgs such as down for maintainance from this hour to this hour.
27- Need lot of improvements in using the renewable resources and also the maintenance towards the transformers and wirings in residential areas.
28- In all the cities power cuts vl hapn .
29- But in places lik chikka gubbi students lik us are not able to stdy fr exams at night.
30- Power goes n wnt cm.
31- Improvement in distribution with underground cabling and LT ring should be fully explored to give uninterrupted supply.
32- Also aggregating rooftops to install solar panels can be explored.
33- Having a mesh of electric poles with connecting wires is a thing of past.
34- In big cities like Mumbai and New Delhi they have replaced electric poles with underground cables, which is safe and easier to manage and also power theft can reduced by large extent.
35- Please go in for GIS gas insulated substation as done in the gulf countries.
36- The performance iso very good.
37- Engineers from karnataka are experienced in this as they are doing this in gulf.
38- The best way to encourage companies and individuals to shift to solar energy is by1.
39- Make it legally easy to setup a solar energy unit.
40- Ask them to merge the excess energy units into the grid.
41- Provide compensation on land tax based on the number of units merged into the grid.
42- Relax land taxes and setup costs of establishing renewable energy sources around Bangalore this will invite many international agencies to setup unit here.
43- I am just a student with ideas and enthusiasm to do something for my Bangalore.
44- Pardon me if some of it already exists.
45- Have a complete solar homes is the solution to reduce pressure on water resources and serve them to agriculture .
46- Frequent power cut in my area.
47- Street lights should be automatically switched off at specified time.
48- Just increasing the no of substations in the City to cope up with the spurt in the energy demand is not going to serve the purpose.
49- Being the silicon city of India, Multi-pronged approach with advance technologies(like I-DAS) has to be adopted to keep up the pace with the uninterruptible and increasing energy supply.
50- Firstly, to ensure that supply meets demand, sufficient measures should be taken to encourage & augment the  energy sources (preferably renewable energy resources) to incorporate sustainable development agenda 2030.
51- Secondly, to experience uninterruptible power supply BESCOM must take pro-active approaches to arrest the unnecessary shutdown and See that the power is supplied at all times within the prescribed limits.
52- Finally, stringent measures should be adopted to reduce the cost on consumption of electricity and make it affordable & available for everyone in the city by reducing AT&C losses, mitigating Administrative lapses, metering DTC's, avoiding power theft, replacing conductors, suitable locations of sub-stations, etc.
53- , For this to happen more colloborative holistic approach is the need of the hour.
54- Every year there are power cuts in summer.
55- Can we plan for these today and solve the problem of shortage of power.
56- I would like to suggest make underground wirings.
57- Because overhead wirings are not safe and required more maintenance in comparison to underground wirings.
58- And try to go with privatisation in power supply like with Tata and Reliance company.
59- This will help.
60- The lack of a consolidated plan for renewables is disheatening.
61- Can Bangalore tie up with company like Tesla and have solar roof tiles installed across the city high rise buildings.
62- The amount of power generated just by these should be sufficient to cover the energy needs of the city as compared to going back to traditional electricity generation.
63- Water saved in such activities needs to be prioritized for drinking while recycled water is used for all other activities.
64- Power and Water go hand in hand considering water is used to generate power and power is used to pump water.
65- So, a comprehensive plan covering both is required and not look at these in silos.
66- There must be effective use of Solar power.
67- Large solar power plants should be set up.
68- All IT parks should be asked to set up solar power plants or fuel cell technology plants and use power for common areas from there.
69- The authorities may be looking at increasing power generation and coverage, but there needs to be equal focus on the power infrastructure .
70- transformers, cabling etc.
71- I live in Whitefield and most of the transformers are exposed with very primitive looking cabling.
72- Street lighting is also missing in a lot of places.
73- I have seen constant sparking in many of the transformers here and many times, BESCOM voluntarily switches off the electricity as soon as they sense a shower coming.
74- Also, there is a lot of power fluctuation.
75- The authorities need to redesign the grid for the recent, but fast developing regions in and around Whitefield.
76- Suggest new power lines  to be drawn underground.
77- More focus on solar Panels and Centralised Setup of Solar Usage should be encouraged.
78- Power charges should come down, but all should be charged.
79- so the load on BESCOM Reduces.
80- Carbon fiber technology along with Electric hybrid should be used for construction of BTS (Bangalore Transportation System) vehicles so that they are as light as possible and and energy conserving as possible.
81- This technology can be got from NAL, ISRO and HAL.
82- It is important that BESCOM and BDA jointly look at going underground for power cabling and transmission.
83- A high transmission loss due to overhead poles and wires coupled with weather incidents impact power outages on a regular basis.
84- Not to mention, every time the road infrastructure is improved, some person from BESCOM (among others) starts digging.
85- All new layouts including government and private layouts, need to be established with underground electricity connectivity.
86- This ensures that the ground level infrastructure is not disturbed and also this method is proven to be more robust and easier to maintain.
87- BESCOM should jointly work with BDA to first build ducts / passages along major roads (e.
88- ORR) and ensure that all power systems and transmission lines are laid underground.
89- This will help sustain any widening or repair of the roads without shifting electricity poles.
90- Not to mention, this will also vastly improve the livelihood of our electricians / linemen who bravely go up poles to repair any issues.
91- since the entire city is filled with buildings, BDA should utilise the roof areas of the individual property with proper legal and financial benefits and install roof panels.
92- Now a days some how they improved the electricity improve.
93- but still we have to do proper plan and re-alignment for Electrical.
94- better all electrical supply should be underground.
95- so we can avoid more work and less maintenance .
96- Very weak.
97- Power breaks and such significant use of generators are unacceptable in a modern city and "encouraging energy efficiency" and solar is not enough.
98- deisel generators should be outlawed with a 5 year phase out.
99- focus should be on renewables and storage.
100- it also helps with the environment and requirements for petrol .
