1- Place big waste box near two streets and deploy collectors on daily basis. If possible make use of water in repairing roads. 
2- Public Dustbins must be there in ample numbers that too in every ward which has two portions one side for wet waste and other for dry waste
3- I have complained many times but still garabage is dump right near BBMP High school in East road Austin town BLR- 47
4- Need to setup a team to study to manage urban waste. Landfill is not the solution. Burning of waste is a huge problem and this needs to be addressed at citizen level
5- The amount of waste being generated every day cannot be accommodated in the proposed infrastructure. 
6- Waste should be collected althernative days. and dustbins should be provided more places , so peoplewill not throw the waste in the roads. 
7- Overall landfill method will not sustain. The idea of reducing waste generation has to be brought city. As a city we  will have come up with ways where we reduce waste by 30% - 40% per household from what we do now. BBMP should become just governing body and provide the contracts to innovative companies for converting wastes and generating revenue out of it. 
8- Plan looks good when imlemented
9- Outsource garbage problem to companies who will take garbage and give money to govt. They will use this garbage for productivity. Stop spending tax payers money in garbage problem. Watch very old tv serial "satyamev jayate" report about garbage on Star Plus. Please stop fooling public
10- I feel like when we belong in a tech age. We should use more technology for everything. I read an article in the Bangalore mirror about this app called rubble made my teenagers meant to streamline waste collection. Called RUBBLE. Contact +91-9845309776 to know more about it. 
11- No concrete solution,  still searching place to dump,  initiate ward wise handling,  then people will be responsible 
12- Start putting penalties for not segregating wastes. As an immediate step, replace the 3 wheeler that are used to carry the waste. These are highly polluting and more often they keep littering the waste on the road
13- No fluid waste should be allowed to flow into any of the lakes.
14- Also, make this job a bit dignified. The sewage pickers must have gloves and boots. It will make their job respectable as well as hygienic. 
15- Provide waste bins to all houses with minimum charges for collection. Provide waste bins in every 50/ 100 meters in Bangalore. Currently people do not know where to throw garbage.  You should make sure that, the houses without registering for waste bins should have more taxes/ fines to be paid.
16- There is absolutely no control over waste collection by BBMP and waste disposal by general public.  Need to do a campaign and educate people  regarding disposal of waste and timely collection by BBMP.  Bangalore to be at par with other major cities, should have proper sewage system, open drains for rain water.  The sewage line and storm water drains currently  in place is unplanned, whenever the work carry out by contractor, there was no supervision by BWSSB or BBMP Engineers.  It is left to the labours to do the job at their will and wish.  Therefore corrective action should be taken immediately to  ensure sewage line is properly laid, and open drains are constructed on each road (main road and cross roads).
17- I think a master plan is all very well, but steps should be taken NOW.  Only then will this work by 2031.  Start with putting up trash cans by the road, and asking municipalities to make sure their workers empty them regularly.  Also close all the vats and get societies and buildings to have a compulsory trash removal system.  Fine People HEAVILY for littering or breaking the law.  And fine People for urinating in public.  It’s a health hazard and spreads diseases.  
18- Lory points suck
19- Th BBMP garbage auto are never on time and sometimes athy never come resulting people to dump the garbage in nearby area.There should be one common point and installation of dustbins so that it is easier for people to dump the garbage without waiting for the Garbage auto to come.
20- Every Citizen of Bangalore should be educated about segregation of waste into Dry & Wet waste. People who violate the rules, who do not seggregate & those who throw garbage in the public places should be fined. Waste bins should be provided by the government for those who cannot afford to buy 2 bins for Dry & Wet waste. All those who work for BBMP should be given good salary & provided with gloves, shoes & masks for them to work safely in handling the waste. CCTV should be installed to monitor those who violate the rules. High end robot trucks should be used to sweep the roads regularly. Waste production should be reduced slowly by reducing the use of plastics bags. bottles etc.
21- Good idea that dumps going out of city.   It's not always possible to be at home and wait for garbage van to throw garbage  Need big garbage bins in residential n public localities.  Segregation is not a very good idea and practically not everyone is doing this. As a result they throw the waste on vacant plots.  
22- Clear plan. But the middle men appointed to carry out the job is not done and it's not monitored properly. If this continues, the future plan will get distorted. Need officials regular visit to manage the contractor s work.
23- Implementation should be equally planned. People throw garbage in plastic bags. Heavy fine should be laid upon them. It is equivalent to committing a crime. The main reason for throwing garbage is the corporation vehicles come at one particular time only. To change this permanent closed bins have to be placed for every 10 street atleast. And this bin should be regularly emptied. And the bins have to be separate for dry and wet waste. Main thing is CCTV cameras should be present at the bin collection point. Heavy fine should be laid for those not separating the waste. Through CCTV fine should be laid upon people. Main problem of waste management start from the people creating them. 
24- Point1) each & every corner bang plastic ( eating these innocent way lots of cows died through  ailing. 2)  put road rules with fine.   3) Take care complete envirnament through effective plants to put . 4)Avoid writing in road side walls with the ugly hand writing. Instead than keep big boards with effective writing , which is useful for general public. 5)Bring awareness in public caution driving, keeping envirnament clean ( through alerting about infections , because of their sheer carelessness how many deaths through infections) these all can be manageable  through  big, big banners .  It should do without stoping again, again.  Thanks  Kind Regards. Radha srisailam.
25- Daily pick up from every road must be done, and ensure all pick up points to be emptied now and then.
26- Burning of garbage including plastic materials is a common sight in the city. This seems to be done by residents and by BBMP workers.Please use all the advertsing areas( experts visiting schools, colleges, using bill boards, TV ads,etc)   to educate the public about the consequences . Heavy fines to be charged for violating waste disposal rules. [ 
27- No one segregates waste we need to enforce stricter laws
28- This is near the Air force colony near Murugeshpalya.  I have been traveling to this area from 10years. In the past 1 year itself , I have observed that the garbage is piling in the size of mini trucks. Please provide good waste management systems so that the people around do not litter theoir own city. To add to this it is a residential area, I do not understand how people are okay with living in sucha environment. THe garbage piles up in the morinng like a haystack. This is very harmful. It is setting the health facctor of the people around to a very bad state. I would like the authority to curb the add on garbage and hault it as soon as possible , so that it does not become a haazard to common human  life. Regards. Raj 
29- Government should adopt some of the waste management methodologies that was telecasted on one of the episodes in Aamir Khan's Satyamev Jayate TV Program.
30- Lanfill should not be an option at the moment now... fill now and eradicate later is no joke!! This will cause lot of issue to the near by areas... example of such lanfill gone worse can be found in our country itself Delhi -Agra expressway!! Which might happen around Bangalore the so said green city turning to be a growing place for MNCs and majorly growing city across India.  Then request of a new budgetary/ tender to clear such land mass especially in a quarry land which if dumped with plastic would take longer time to decompose... or might never!!  After dumping in such areas how are they covered is there any layering of dirt on such garbage??!  If not then it doesn’t make any difference that the BBMP dump in such areas or the public dumping household garbage On their streets.  Hope to find a response to such poor act to play in future and pushing it for next 10years??!!  Yours concerned Citizen of Bangalore, HBR Layout-  560043
31- Our top leaders, burocrats has to come and see how middle, lower middle and poor income groups are living. They have to see the ground reality leaving their a/c rooms.
32- Kindly work on stopping plastic use. The rule is in place, it has to be strictly implemented. 
33- Try to educate people
34- Please educate people about waste segregation and educate people not tie garbage in plastic covers. Please ban plastic covers with all vendors and please provide alternative. Please ask groceries shop to stop packing groceries in plastic and educate people to Bring their own bags for groceries and vegetables. Please supply milk in booths to avoid plastic packaging. Please let us save the environment. Please educate women about sustainable menstruation products like cloth pads and menstrual cups.
35- Complete kormangala and ejipura area has the worst waste management 
36- Garbage everywhere. It stinks. Disease spread. Mosquito nuisance.
37- in many areas i have seen waste collectors not segregating dry and wet waste  (i can give proof for following  pincode 560075 
38- Dissatisfied
39- Initially Government has to pay for all waste to each individuals, so people will practice to store waste properly and they will give to waste management system regularly. Once the culture is set government can slowly educate people regarding charity by using their waste management money
40- Garbage burning has been a common issue in Bengaluru. How are they going to enforce law and punish the people burning waste? 
41- Under waste management there should be a cooperation between road management authority and waste management. Debris and garbage found on roads should be collected by gatbage collectors. The waste piled up is clogging our drains, canals and lakes. 
42- Effective segregation and implementation of ensuring non degradable material is eliminated at source 
43- Invest in smart collection of garbage 
44- Unauthorized constructions and poor waste management in those areas. 
45- Need to educate people starting from children in schools, and in turn parents by creating and making compulsory activities as well as strict rules by imposing files for littering. Strict rules will definitely make people stop littering and make the waste management easier
46- I feel we have to make use of the waste.. by bio diesel system generated.. there are lots of people who are unemployed in our country, and I think this will help in also eradicating the unemployment scenario in our country.
47- Dumping waste far away from Bengaluru is not solution .It will create pollution at the dumped site .Should process and minimise the dumping lot itself .
48- Palike employees goes to every area & collect garbage each day for this they demand money every week.one more question is why the palike employees are not wearing protection gloves & mask before pitch into garbage cleaning & touching this kind of ignorance might cause there life, please rework with all the corporators & palike workers & provide them protection accessories each day before they start there work.
49- Rather than implementing costly waste management ideas that fleece public funds the BDA must ensure that the contractors who collect garrbage also ensure that the collection modus will be seperate. The same teams working will only mess up the collection.. 
50- Plan is good impletment asap
51- It sounds like a plan for the waste generated today. There is no foresightedness to what may be the case in 2030
52- Dustbins in every roads and it should be cleaned
53- Reference Page number is wrong
54- Please strictly ban plastic bag. Encourage just bag because paper bag can cause tree cutting. Create waste management plant in every square km. 
55- Not Good. The Government has to provide the waste management facility.No one is going to build their own waste management systems
56- Should try to keep our city clean in our surrounding by ensuring that public dont throw wste on roads...so strict action must be taken on people who throw garbage on roads..only thn people wil realise ..so some awareness must n created for it to keep our city clean amd beautiful
57- I have seen alot worse places in bengaluru ex: byrathi bande to chikka gubbi Hennur bagalur road frm gaddalahalli til hennur bande(waste water and smell)
58- BBMP should be split to makes their task easier.
59- It makes no sense when you start the plan by giving deadline " by 2031 " does it take a decade to get all these to Bangalore, with population increasing like wildfire we need these to be implemented on fastrack and I have no belief as to the fact that this would be done. The government in power or going to be in power will never do this.To keep this on record I have lost all faith. Though we have the knowledge to improve the status quo the government shows no dedication in order to achieve it.Instead of indira canteen that bhagya this bhagya..the government is least considered to improve the quality of life of people
60- Better waste collection system needs to be bought in. Waste segregation should be made compulsory. Solution to solve the stinking collection points.
61- Should segregate the waste as soon as possible. So that even the pollution decreases. And people should segregate the waste seperately
62- More importance needs to be given to segregation at source with strict enforcement and deterrent measures such as big fines for non segregation at least of wet / dry waste. Of course this goes in par with frequent collection. If daily door to door collection is not possible, and since wet waste cannot be kept more than a day, maybe an option is to have wet waste collection points / composter in each street, maintained by the municipality. This could generate a good revenue by selling the compost as  manure and pay for the salary of the person in charge of maintenance.
63- This is for corporations plz make sure everyone of ur employees do there work properly  Start construction of dustbin tank in the locality everywhere 
64- We still lady still sweeping the roads by broom manually. Your plans are made without knowing what's happening in ground. Please be realistic and responsible 
65- KR market is situated near one of the oldest forts, KR market is filled with dirty garbages, kindly maintain it neatly and take necessary action On the people who spill garbage even after BBMPs board on the area 
66- what about the garbage that is dumped on roadside all over bangalore in domlur, old airport road, wind tunnel road. The plan is very theoretical. Just graphs and flow chart wont be helpful  
67- Convert waste into energy. Follow Swiss model.
68- Plan to crush it at source layout wise. Make use of these as energy source wardwise at least. Also to do research on how building level crush and use as energy source. At least nearby street lights can get benefitted out of it.
69- In order to sustain a long life in this city,we have to clear the waste dumped on the roadsides and make sure we'll collect the waste and reuse,recycle it! In the metropolitan city,citizens are not at all aware of the waste that they are giving out,irresponsible of their own cleanliness! So let's join hands together and make our city healthy!
70- Should look into turning bio wastes into bio gas. Set up bio gas plants. 
71- Lorrys carrying waste should be covered and mechanised enough to gather and unload waste 
72- Lack of facility and disorganised functioning. Need to streamline the pattern of door to door pick up,  bulk collection & sweepers collection.  Absolutely no coordination hence black spot are simply multiplying and littering of garbage everywhere has become unstoppable & uncontrollable.  Hence garbage pick up pattern should be looked into and installation of cameras is a must to monitor and penalize the dirty makers of the locality. 
73- Proper garbage collection is not done in most of the areas especially in our area Hoysala nagar ( hormavu ) ward no -25 
74- There should be a plan for handling the STTP issue as well. Why every apartment complex should have its own STTP plant which is an additional expense for the residents and is always dangerous for the workers like recent deaths in one of the apartments. No other city in the world has this concept and waste is collected through the sewerage pipes and is processes in central plants. Citizens pay property tax, Water and Sewerage connection charges but end up arranging their own water and sewerage treatment plants. This is not what you expect from a state capital that aspires to be a leading smart city. The BDA and government should plan for laying the sewerage network and central processing plants.
75- garbage/landfills are not enough, Reverse Wending machine is a new idea which world is going to use..  bringing awareness to people about waste management and bringing more clear solutions to help residences to dispose their garbage.  cleaning existing drainage is necessary, open drainage needs to closed.  need to have more dustbins around corner of bus stands, streets.   
76- Sweden and other countries are successfully converting waste to energy - we must learn and adopt those methods
77- Need to recycle efficiently as we see garbage getting dumped in lakes and also level of segregation very poor. Use technology where possible and reduce this problem
78- Honestly current state of affairs is pathetic, Lets try to implement some model that is working in other states/countries. I can volunteer for the cause
79- We need more frequent and timely garbage disposal vehicles in our area, and if its feasible we can do the same way, USA public disposes their garbage
80- Regular waste collection and waste management system 
81- After the BBMP drive on segregating the waste before disposal, I wonder if this is really implemented as it was driven by the authority. I often notice, that the garbage carrier, mixes all together, collected from different sources (Dry and Wet waste). A thorough check should be done with them, before they dispose them. Majority of the carrier vehicles are poorly maintained, dirty and releases thick smoke.
82- Happy with the process of waste management....but again it all depends on how we as individuals contribute towards the success of this process. 
83- The plan is good, but the implementation is where we fail. Strict fines and penalties, and awareness will help improve the participation of citizens in this exercise
84- There is very poor law enforcement for waste segregation. This needs to be tackled if any form of waste management to succeed. 
85- Garbage is a bane of Bangalore, everything looks fine on paper but execution and accountability is nil. Collection and primary segregation to some extent is happening, but transportation is really bad. No place for consolidation nor secondary segregation. There is no concept of compaction . I feel designated areas in each ward to be allocated to carry out secondary segregation and compaction, reduce the burden of waste in volume. This is is the basic problem we face, the filth on the corners created by bbmp, the burning which goes unchecked leading to pollution and health hazards and also street dog menace. All hotels should be having biogas plants to reduce the load of food and wet waste. The abattoirs should have a plan to dispose the remains, all plastic paper, cups, plates should be banned a good idea to come back to earthenware pots and cups. Streets should be provided with bins at every corner which is easily operable and user friendly. I feel for the garbage handlers, they should be given a decent uniform and gloves for handling such waste. Finally the disposal is still a problem. By reducing the waste generated and proper segregation and compaction the volume can be brought down and this disposal should be done ward wise rather than taking it through the city spilling all over.  Awards for the best wards, recognition for the pourmikars , incentives, proper accountability and legislation would go a long way of getting rid of this problem 
86- Having proper waste collection plans.
87- 1.In every ward dry waste collection centres need to be established and they should work. 2. There shd be provision for sanitary waste to be collected separately and not mixed with wet waste. 3. Incinerators should be provided at the ward level to dispose sanitary waste.
88- Segregation can only be possible if there is a law and people fear the law. Let there be a law that criminalises non segregation and throwing of garbage instead of handing it to the Garbage management employees. Let it be a mandate that there be 3 bins one for wet, one for dry and one for sanitary at all house holds.
89- Execution of this proposal to start as reverse as recommended above in the master plan
90- Enforcing waste segregation at the origination point is very important. Unless that is enforced, rest all will be very challenging to achieve. All the Large housing societies should at least be able to recycle all organic waste inhouse and use for landscaping etc. Then the plasctic waste is supposed to be segregated in recycled or non recyclable category. A lot of waste is still not classified correctly to be segregated.
91- Still Waste Management is challenge, people have gone to Singapore and studied and come. still there is no improvement in conditions. 
92- Dissatisfied
93- Please encourage compost making to big societies and reduce generation of garbage. Malls and eateries shoudl be fined for using use and throw cutlery and plates. IMPOSE FINE wherever required and get bodieds to collect fine. when there is no one to monitor , fine can also not help.
94- All plans on paper look good. Implementation is the key. Businesses that do not comply with waste segregation and waste management should be forced to shut shop.
95- Current situation is everywhere we see garbage..And city being called as garbage city, you need to find recycling of waste into reusable products..
96- Looks unrealistic not to have any land fills.. even developed countries have some land fill but their collection, segregation and most importantly, the citizens are involved with right education and awareness. Here even if citizen segregate, the collectors mix and take. So, patchy implementation and adherence in few wards doesn't solve the problem.  As photo op, politicians/leaders do launch some scheme and then no clear implementation and accountability exist down ward and this results in poor implementation. Completely privatize the collection of garbage to some good corporate.. and it will work. Otherwise, same contractors and lorry mafia will continue even at 2031. 
97- Shift out seegehalli and kannahalli waste treatment plants. Ward level waste processing units to be established
98- Plan is very good but we have to make sure that everybody should follow. If not followed that there should heavy fine. 
99- Local waste management at ward level is the only solution.
100- Why can't we use garbage into tar road making,  as it's already done at Kamraj  road ,where garbage was melt down due to high temperature of TAR material,  pollution less and there a Is huge requirement of good roads. 
101- Really unsatisfied service 
102- Waste collection facility should be done 24x7.  Waste collection centers should be installed in every ward. Throwing waste on road should be strictly monitored and violators should be punished severely like disconnecting power/water etc.  The segregated waste can be bought by government for minimum price and the recycled output can be used/sold by government in various schemes. 
103- Waste management in public areas should be organised. Recycle bins and wet and dry waste bins should be kept every 200 mts in roads and in cross roads. Loose or open food should not be allowed inside public transport. 
104- lot of data is inaccurate, the growth of bangalore is tremendous in the last ten years but data shows incorrect numbers hence, i am sure its plan by BBMP is slow and only PDF not in action.
105- 1. Dustbins are not present beside road.. Should have closed ones, every 100ms. 2. Big dustbins for household garbage disposal.
106- Though looks good, the organic waste proceeding centres should be one in each ward, IE almost 200. The processed compost can be sold across counter to residents. The processing centre should have proper high raise enclosures with net cover over it. Continued use of abandoned quarries should be discontinued as it is objectionable and against objectives of pollution control board Other waste collection centres should have skid covered containers for collection and to transport the skid to segregation and processing centres 
107- It will be one of the great initiatives by which it help every public to have a infection/virus free hygienic life forward. This will also help city tourism development and increase business investments which will create more jobs and importantly will attract huge acknowledgment from countries all over.  Also there should be strict sessions/syllabus in every school and awareness programs in every single home and cleanliness starts from there. Proper management and installation of garbage boxes in each and every nook and corners of the city. 
108- It's a good vision however the education and behavioral change in people has to be brought in.  Currently I see no segregation of waste even by those who are educated about it's importance. The garbage collections vehicles should deny accepting if not segregated.  Installation of CCTv's at areas where garbage is thrown by people regularly and a stringent policy to fine and punish the offenders. 
109- I have a suggestion that please have waste collection cans, huge ones per street where each household /building should segregate and put their wastes. This will ease the job to bbmp and to the public
110- Wanted to see clean Bangalore
111- Every 500m radius there should be a waste bin so that people throw waste in the waste bin and keep the city clean.
112- Citizens need to know that roads and empty sites are not places to dump waste, awareness should be created by warning them that cameras are installed at particular places. Monthly survey at places can be done 
113- That should be great 
114- People involved in waste management need to be sensitized and educated on the impact of their work.  
115- The better way to manage this is via private vendors like how Singapore or other cities manage it. These experienced waste management companies need to bring in their experience, and implement the comprehensive plans including keeping the city roads (not just the main roads but all artery and sub roads) clean. Once this happens, a lot of the space consumed today because people cannot walk on this path etc can be cleared out and better usage of the space we have.
116- Need to improve a lot
117- The pornakarmikas to be given More safety measures and rights to refuse picking of waste if not segregated. No waste carrying in the open trucks and landfills to be far from schools n hospitals n other public spaces. 
118- A definite MUST. Educate people from the ground level and the schools to be responcible for their own waste and the repurcussions of being negligent to this for our future. A clean well maintained city would be a pleasure to live in.
119- I do not see any mention for Sewage Treatment. The current Sewage treatment plants barely manage 50% of the requirement, thus leading to pollution of the lakes and the surrounding land and ground water. Adding more strategically located sewage treatment plants with new efficient methodologies, will help reduce the discharge into our lakes, thus saving them. This also resolves our water problem as more and more lakes will become available for water supply.
120- There are many places like Kodigehalli and Sahakarnagar where garbage are dumped on the road. No proper cleaning and picking of garbage yet
121- Build biogas plants, dry waste processing centres , incinerators in every ward . Every single eatery in the city is violating waste segregation rules. Need zero tolerance for people in food business. Every single shop on street is dumping waste on empty plots.  Please install huge 3 colour bins in public areas and educate the independent houses /shops abdcsegregate and deposit on theme bbmp bins. Give them an option to dispose off their waste responsibly.
122- Need more micro planning...each ward must be made responsible and fines must be levied for not complying with rules.
123- My self iam a civil Engineer,my opinion towards waste management is ,most of the people are demolishing the old buildings after that they will get all waste materials from the building as steel and hardened broken pieces of concrete,steel etc. Most of the people will sell steel for scrap value but they are throwing the hardened broken pieces as wastage,no one is recycling .so my conclusion is government will implement the usage of   hardened broken concrete as a partial replacement of coarse aggregates then usage of aggregate and cement will get reduced due to this.
124- every alternate day waste collecting should happen before office hours
125- New larger lakes needs to be developed in nearly areas.
126- More thoughts to be done on recycling the waste, rather processing. Example Glass waste, Plastic, paper..., if it is recycled more.., its more beneficial to environment. It can generate employment. state government should support people involved in recycling business.
127- I request government to implement the segregation of wastes very strict and provide something great in return to the community which follows it properly. Start implementing at the smallest level of change to be happening.
128- Educate the people to compost the wet waste at home itself. Demonstrations to each layouts, in schools for children helps reduce 60% waste deposits. Easy way of composting is to dump the wet waste in a pot and cover it with a layer of soil and the waste will decompose within a week. 
129- this is also main issue in Bangalore. They have to take more concern in this. We have to give circular for each house
130- This does not account for e-waste. Additionally, segregating waste has to be mandated. Awareness and enforcement on maximum recycling is needed. Incentives for apartments that manage their own wet waste and some mechanism to link the composted waste with buyers should be thought of. 
131- I think it is becoming very difficult for the house holders to dispatch there waste at right places and the BBMP has to find different options of collecting the waste from house holders
132- Put hefty fines in place for people failing obey waste segregation rules. Make it an point that all organic waste should be take care in particular ward or area by decomposition techniques. Only inorganic waste needs to find its way out to waste processing units. Commercial premises, office spaces,restaurants, hotels and big apartment complexes are the real culprits who break the rules.so more stringent rules need to be in place. 
133- Get garbage clearing of wet waste on a daily basis. Fines for households that do not segregate waste
134- UGD should be provided to 100% residents
135- It can be more better. Collect videos from nearby CCTV cam where throwing waste is prohibited and collect heavy fines. Using Bio gas plant can reduce dumping space and byproduct can be used to generate funds.
136- support groups like Sahaas and Hasiru Dala in actually supporting recycling.  many buildings (like mine) have recycle bins that are all used for garbage.  people dont even know which bin is for what.  Make sure that groups like carbon masters are engaged to turn waste into green resources
137- Segregation should not be stopped at organic and inorganic waste, similar to developed countries, glass, plastic, paper, organic, medical should be split and treated or recycled accordingly.
138- Segregation at source must be made mandatory. Whoever doing right should be given incentives and people who are adamant should be penalized heavily
