1- Presently the lakes are filled with drainage.
2- How can that be revived? .
3- 24hours availability of water for recycled water should be ensured so that people need not have second overhead tank and can directly connect to toilets/garden.
4- Rain water should not be let out of any site, but forced into rain-water pits, to improve ground water and reduced flooding.
5- Good planning, to be established.
6- There is no mention how govt stops water mafia and groundwater exploitation.
7- Rainwater harvesting is not still made mandatory.
8- Also more technology should be used to identify water pilferage across the pipelines.
9- Water rationing is must.
10- Beyond certain usage, the price has to be increased significantly.
11- I would like to suggest that our storm water drains be made porous and incorporate recharge pits in them, so that the water outflow is reduced as a major part of the flow can get absorbed into the soil and restore the ground water .
12- This simple system will recharge all the bore wells, open wells and also reduce the incidents of flooding.
13- This has been implemented in many countries successfully and is is solution for the future of our cities.
14- I believe the government should also consider public rainwater harvesting and recharge to offset the huge amount of land that has been paved with roads and concreted over.
15- My suggestion is to mandatory have bottom stones in roadside drains removed or replaced by seepage gratings every 30 feet.
16- Zain addition there can be recharge pits constructed at low points in roads etc where overflow can be run off in the normal roadside drains.
17- Water recharge by the govt on such a scale would augment small measures by people in their own residences or apartment complexes.
18- If we continue taking out ground water at the rate we currently are and don't do something to recharge this precious resource in a thought out and proactive way our future generations in Bangalore will be doomed.
19- Kind regards,Glenn Rego.
20- Please collect rain water from houses near borewells and get the water into the borewell.
21- Most house owners are doing only name sake rainwater harvesting.
22- It's not enough to drill borewells and provide taps from common taps.
23- These borewells need to be fed.
24- Rainwater that is anyway flowing into drains can be diverted at the cost of BBMP so that this water is diverted back into the water table.
25- (1) Water is Life. (2) Rejuvenation of Lake is mentioned in one para out of 200+ pages. Only way I see life to sustain is by 'recovering' the lost lakes all 300+ even though we may not be able to undo the 16 listed by Karnataka govt in http://www.karnataka.gov.in/Parisaramahiti/Pages/Lost-lakes-of-Bangalore.aspx (3) Robust programme to maintain cleanliness and protection of these lakes. (4) Improve ground water levels n every method possible..
26- No residential or industrial fluid waste should be allowed to enter any lake.
27- Govt needs to come up with good plan to store water.
28- Most of the areas in Bangalore are suffering from water deficiency.
29- if this continues Bangalore will not have water in coming years.
30- stop the water mafia currently run by political goons.
31- Rainwater must be absorbed as soon as it falls on the ground by remodelling rainwater drains.
32- I can give technology for this.
33- Recycling is most important, but the plan doesn't include any proposal to improve the ground water.
34- Preservation of lakes and pond very important and should not make the lakes be the sewage facilities of bigger apartments inside Bangalore.
35- Waste water should be treated well to use it for city gardens, Bellandur,Ibloor, Sanky lake should be treated well, before it spoils the health of whole banglore.
36- Man can not leave without water but Water can leave without a man.
37- In the early 16th and 17 centuries, Bangalore has around 262 lakes and which has been reduced to 32 now.
38- We should renovate the lost lakes and make it reusable.
39- Atleast 50 more so that we will not have water scarcity.
40- Please clean all the water boides which are startting to collect sewage and actual garbage.
41- Take strict action against people throiwng garbage into theese water channels.
42- The exsiting few channels are being polluted in a matter of months, I have seen this change in my area - there is a stream which passes thrugh the hal central township.
43- It is has started to colelct garbage in a span of 1year.
44- PLease do something to avoid such disasdters to other water bodies like the one near dmlur flyover area.
45- RegardsRaj.
46- What is the plan to actually protect the lakes and to raise the water table? There is no mention of RWH being mandated (and enforced) not only in apartments but also all over the city.
47- There has been no mention of encroachment of lakes and how the action be taken against the real estate mafia.
48- And help existing apartments to help build STPs as it is expensive to build one and not enough space to build it.
49- Or build a common STP for a couple of buildings on a sharing basis.
50- Carvery water should be made available and need to stop illegal ground water extraction.
51- Every housing should work towards water conservation and ground water recharge.
52- Se of them are paper not in real.
53- Unless there are major sewage treatments plants the problem of water contamination and loss of precious lakes cant be stopped, even at this point sewage treatment is still not considered as a major issue.
54- The implementation of Rain Water Harvesting has not been completely.
55- With the RWH facility we can improve the ground water table, which especially in Bangalore is depleting by the day.
56- As regarding storm water drains, they are closed by foot paths , as a result water is not being channeled into the drains .
57- this is leading to flooding of roads.
58- And also along with reviving lakes , air from.
59- water systems on the lines of Israel needs to be looked into .
60- this can help.
61- reduse dependence on cauvery water.
62- Their is no water connection here at whitefield  bangalore.
63- Water quality is really very bad which leads to lot of hair and skin related problems.
64- Moreover, the tanker supply is very bad is summer days.
65- Plan for future water problems .
66- Please create artificial lakes in and around the city.
67- This can store rain water and also increase beautiness of this city and will provide place for  people for recreation.
68- I think big lakes in and around the city is the need of the hour.
69- Ground water level is decreasing rapidly in Bangalore, recycling water is not the only thing to be done, more innovative ideas should be thought through.
70- Some of the factories use lot of water resources they must be forced use recycled water and also strict regulations have to be made for these companies to have filters so that they don't pollute near by water bodies.
71- Similar rules are required for big apartments which are getting water from borewells and tankers.
72- We should look at options to revive the dying lakes as the first step towards water management .
73- If there is any pipeline broken(Drinking water line) or need to fix immediately, BWSSB will never be on time and there will be enormous amount of water pooled which i've seen/herd couple of times.
74- More innovative ways to solve water woes.
75- Since Bengaluru is getting more drier every year, more water into our surrounding reserviors is needed.
76- Prevent excessive pumping if underground water.
77- Interlinking of rivers or smarter wats to provide for city's water needs.
78- Ban producing water to cool drink companies, water problem solved in seconds.
79- how do you plan to tackle the water mafia?? they drain our water system and need to be monitored.
80- checking on STP'S in large complexes is also to be considered.
81- You still have the rule of dual piping and STP but not implemented .
82- RWH must be the norm.
83- Revive old system of open Wells.
84- Decentralise SWT - every block/apartment must have SWTP .
85- Wanted to see our city to implement rain water storage so that ground water level increase and make bengaluru out of water problem.
86- outer places to get drinking water through bengaluru if we do successfully installed rain water management .
87- The proposed system is fine but what about it's maintenance, it's not just put the pipes and forget it.
88- There should be system to monitor it.
89- And a proper system for sewage and care must be taken to see that there is no leakage/spillage of this drainage and Rajakaluve should be protected mostly as they are for purpose of rain water and not sewage water.
90- Lakes should be protected such that no garbage can be dumped into lakes and any unwanted growth in lake ( weeds choking the lake ) are removed.
91- I liked the ideA of Rally for rivers by Isha foundations, i think if we cam implement for all rivers in Karnataka, i am very sure all our lakes will be in par with finland or best in the world.
92- Again i can be part of this initiative.
93- Many areas in bangalore still don't have proper water facilities they wait for 6 day's to fetch drinking water which is once a week and this horrible condition is around shampur govindpur and few more.
94- Please help .
95- Water is getting wasted day by day in Bengaluru and we as residents are ignoring that.
96- It’s time for us to wake up and find some solution to save water for the future.
97- Why water tanker lobby is not being penalized? Why its all black money.
98- Why all water payment is not through digital.
99- And this is plain water.
100- Why its being charged.
101- I can understand transportation charge but why its so high.
102- When will basic necessity of water being fulfilled by municipality.
103- Let them charge as per the consumption but through private party is black money.
104- Let it via "pay as you use" mode.
105- North Bangalore is fully ignored by BWSSB,.
106- BDA, BWSSB and BBMP are collectively responsible for gross water misuse, water overdraft, aggravating the tensions between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu over sharing the Kaveri water, and depriving the village panchayats surrounding Bangalore of their fair share of water.
107- Stringent limiting of water use (residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural) should have been put in place when the city's population crossed 5 million.
108- In early 2018 the population is 10 million and the 3 agencies have no water rationing mechanism for the city.
109- An allocation of about 600 litres/day per typical household (see pg 105 for the figures) is far too high for a metro that has lost three-quarters of its water bodies over the last two decades.
110- Projecting a population of 20 million in 12 years with this water allocation per household is incomprehensible and shows just how far out of touch with hydrographic cycles the 3 agencies are.
111- Make aerators compulsory for all buildings.
112- They save a lot of water.
113- RO water purifiers are not needed in most areas.
114- People who use them shd store the water water and use it for vMopping , cleaning etc.
115- work with resident to tackle the problem of water leakage in pipes.
116- Do not harass residents of apt complex to retro fit STP.
117- It's not feasible5.
118- Rain water harvesting should be encouraged.
119- People should have incentives to do this.
120- BWSSB shd advise people on how to install rain water harvesting systems.
121- water saving methods should be taught at school and a gradual change in mind set will be seen.
122- Rains are more than substantial in Bengaluru and bbmp should consider storing these water in underground reservoirs in the time of need.
123- Proper drainage channels will help in this regard.
124- Also Water Mafia should be controlled, All citizens and government officials should be made aware that water is a resource and it doesn't belong to individuals.
125- Government should meter the use of water at every home and bill for this usage even when owners of property own their own bore-well.
126- Have a question here, how many times can d water be recycled to ensure there is no reverse impact.
127- Also this topic HV to be linked with environment to ensure a proper mileage is received.
128- Work on realising ground water issue and work towards addressing that.
129- Get in to registration and track consumption.
130- This will hold wastage.
131- why is govt not considering putting up a De-salination plant for bangalore water woes.
132- Israel has the latest technologies, why is it always depended on natural water source which is needed for agricultural purpose.
133- if this is done bangalrore will not have water scarcity at all.
134- Govt decided to waive 8600 Crores for farmer loans, why not use that money for building De-salination plants, farmers dont need loan waivers they need water for their lands.
135- if bangalore has a desalination plants, then cauvery water could be used to farmers produce which will ensure that agriculture produce will increase drastically.
136- Govt to look for ways to reduce their dependency on natural water source.
137- Revive the lakes asap! .
138- Dissatisfied.
139- In the plan, why BWSSB has no plans to recycle water and sell to the citizens by way of tankers/dedicated pipelines to big apartments.
140- ?? They seem to be putting all the responsibility on the citizen even in the master plan!! Regarding Cauvery water supply, please have Tippagondahalli Reservoir functional by preventing misuse of land in and around it.
141- It is a precious reservoir which has regained life after 2017 monsoon.
142- ensure its continuity so that it supplements cauvery water.
143- Before planning for new building and new areas.
144- please plan to fix current areas like bellandur which is known by other name water mafia by tankers.
145- We Bangalorians have many lakes within and around the city.
146- These lakes are not maintained, they are dirty.
147- If we concentrate on cleaning and maintaining these lakes than Bengaluru will not face water crisis whole year.
148- We can collect rain water in lakes and channelise this lake water for bathroom purpose, gardening, etc.
149- We can learn to maintain lakes from Mumbai, Maharashtra.
150- Mumbai is having only source of rain water for full year and that rain water is used even for every thing including drinking.
151- Maintainence of lake should be started ASAP as Bengaluru is facing increase in water crisis year by year.
152- Due to enormous constructions of apartments, tech parks happening across the length & breath of city, population has increased , so is the demand for water .
153- In summer water levels go down & citizens rely on tankers for water .
154- Govt & BBMP , other civic bodies need to think of reviving the lakes & Add green cover to manage this crisis .
155- Why are we looking at kavery water for every household in bangalore.
156- why cant we look at our own lakes, revive them and reuse.
157- this is some kind of scam too.
158- Why cant BBMP help every household to do rainwater harvest.
159- Ensure that the cavery water is supplied regularly and check for leakages.
160- Clean water storage and clean lakes with green cover for a good rainfall within city limits.
161- Rainwater harvesting mandatory for all buildings.
162- Clean  and honest water management Board.
163- quality of drinking water.
164- Renovating all lakes in the city.
165- Re.
166- New areas added should be serviced by BBMP with schedule.
167- Setting up water recycling centres at convenient nearby location is just a statement not necessarily to happenLocations should be identified now itself.
168- Construction of duct along existing water line is must considering future expansions.
169- Now existing water line and add recycled water line will be inside duct and should be large enough to add or replace with large did lines without digging the road.
170- The number of inspection covers depend on length of a single pipe or flexible pipe.
171- Rain water harvesting should be made compulsory irrespective of the condition arraStorm water ducts on with side of road should have restricted flow barrages and several holes with tubing for water to seep in soil.
172- Else, low-lying areas will be affected as happening now in several residential locations during monsoon.
173- Try to scale the rainwater harvest problems.
174- Very nice.
175- Rejuvenate water bodies and stop giving in for land mafia.
176- I can't understand how can we not take care of lakes when we have 2 lakhs revenue in our budget.
177- Come up with 5 year plan and ensure clean all lakes,so that people can trust your abilities and transparency in admission.
178- Sewage water needs to be handled properly.
179- Limited focus on improving water level in the city and identifying alternate source of supply of water to the city.
180- Again water tanckers are a menace.
181- Where do they get the water from? and why is that water not available otherwise.
182- We pay through our nose for the tankers.
183- Need to provide basic water facility to Blore nearby areas to sustain the growth and City need to be decongested by developing nearby places like Anekal, Attibele, Sarjapura, Hoskote, DB Pura by BDA.
184- Create drainage system around lakes and bypass drainage water into this.
185- Create a walking track and hangout place on the drainage canal  around the lake.
186- City should build facility to store the rain water it receives and use it for drinking purpose.
187- Should not only depend on cauvery water.
188- some of the lakes should be identified and restored for this purpose.
189- Also water leakage mechanism should be put in place.
190- Rain water harvesting needs more focus.
191- Make water harvesting mandatory, recycling the water usage to best possible measure.
192- Ocean water to used in and around after treatment.
193- Strict measures to be taken to repair the pipes asap when water pipes are broken to avoid wastage of water through leakage.
194- There is also need to educate and create awareness about water conservation.
195- Even we know Bangalore as Lake city but we can see that now a days condition of lakes are not good.
196- Few of them are more dirty and few of them are very close to dry state (not this year, because of heavy rain).
197- We need to do some program/guidance to increase ground water level.
198- For this again we have to encourage people to use water harvesting in their house/society.
199- Gov has to make tough rules for builders/individual owners to make the provision for rain water harvesting and without that don't give any kind of approval for that project.
200- We also have to ask builder/individual owner to make provision to use the wate water in the house/society in other way.
201- For example, in any society we can make a provision to use the water which is going out from water filter.
202- This water can be used for flush/plantation etc.
203- There should be a dedicated pipe line to utilize this water.
204- We also encourage people to use some new technologies so we can save some water during our general usage like (hand wash, brushing etc.
205- ) Again it will not be possible from active participation of public but gov must start awareness program and keep doing this regularly instead of just for name shake.
206- If it executed well and good.
207- Request to treat the water from vrishabhavathi and make it a river front and tourist attraction.
208- Making it mandatory to have Rain water harvesting system in an existing property and in newly built property is the only way to increase the ground water table in the city where there is very less ground available for the natural percolation.
209- Another point is to convert all the existing lakes into sewage treatment plants with natural methods or for example as the lake Hussain Sagar in Hyderabad which is a tourist attraction but actually a sewage treatment plant.
210- Currently there is no proper supply of drinking water in many areas in Bengaluru.
211- Where ever the existing lakes are there in and around Bengaluru, needs to be developed to increase the ground water level.
212- Also it will be better to create Tree park to ensure the rain water does not flow out, but absorbed.
213- In Government land dig the land for about 10 to 12 feet to collect the water during rainy days.
214- This will ensure the ground water level increase.
215- We are blessed with Mother Kaveri and we have to utilize water wisely, and management has to take more care on the same.
216- nowadays water is precious thing in the world, Management has to create awareness programs.
217- Water is the main source for the people.
218- we have to do proper plan and supply the water for each house.
219- many people still they are using water.
220- but they not paying the water bill to govt.
221- The Master plan should aim to supply 24x7 supply as considered for other Smart cities.
222- The main source being Cauvery needs to be effectively and potentially utilised.
223- Citizens should be made aware of the value of water and needs an intensive training.
224- Concrete steps to be taken to conserve water as we see severe changes in climate last few years due to pollution.
225- One step would be planting plants including fruit bearing/medicinal etc.
226- along the both banks of the river Kaveri at least one kilometre on each side.
227- so that ground water will increase in few years and steps also should be taken to manage waste from Industries and fine them if waste is not treated and being released into natural streams.
228- Wastewater treatment plants to be constructed by the government for this purpose.
229- How does one get out of the Water mafia? A city dependent of private tankers for its citizens and expansion is risky and flawed.
230- If the city cannot supply piped water supply to its citizens, BBMP / BWSSB should supply water out of the taxes we pay and not charged separately by private tankers.
231- Unless you provide water to private layout residents, your master plan is useless.
232- STP should be must for all new apartment so that recycled water can be used for toilets & gardening .
233- Not reassuring to include but then name someone else responsible.
234- Also evaluate how to cut water wastage and management of water during heavy rains.
235- storm drains should be used to harvest water and there should be significant punishment/fine for dumping or adding things that will block drains, even if it is "yard waste only" .
