1- Happy with the plan but implementation is very important.
2- 1. In volume 3- Master plan document, Clause no 13.3.1 Earthquake - old IS 1893 -2002 Is mentioned, but latest code is IS 1893- 2016. Kindly update. 2. In clause 13.3.1 under mitigation following can be included " softstory in a structure to be designed considering all codal requirements". 3. SUGGESTION:  sanction submission document by owner/developer shall contain structural drawings and design report (structural framing with sizes ,column positions with sizes, expansion joint, footing type and layout....etc) 
3- Train citizens on how to act when a fire /flood other event occurs 
4- (1) Can you ensure every locality has two or more roads with free access for one ambulance, 2 fire engines with access to water in case of an emergency. (2) Remember the 2010 Carlton Tower old airport road fire when 8 fire engines could hardly reach to the spot in time and most did not have enough water and roads were blocked by passer-byes. 
5- The proposal for secondary stream in  HSR sector 3 is unscientific and illogical.  This is only going to create a bigger disaster given the design and location of the secondary stream and will not solve any problem.  Appears like either enough thought process has not gone in while designing or the design is made in the interest of greedy bureaucrats and rally Estate people. Close to 100 objections have been made in this regard. 
6- Nowhere in the Master plan, I see that the infrastructure for emergency teams such as ambulances. we increasingly see that the infra for such we have is very bad, infact my personal experience is seeing the ambulances and fire engines going so slow, I personally was able to comfortably overtake them without adding any effort. Also rules around emergency vehicles and general vehicles making path for them
7- Blocked Rajakaluve is making disaster in the sorounding area in the rainy season. The drinage water enters into the sorounding house's. 
8- personally, I do not feel that the city is well equipped with enough rescue team nor plan in the time of a disaster. eg, even when the rain had played havoc it was very evident that there is no planning but just buildings coming up.
9- Action needed on land encroachment
10- - Regulation for all to submit building plans for old and new buildings. Smart way of mapping of existing localities, buildings etc 
11- Build roads that absorb water.it is helpful to manage water in roads in rainy season
12- Separate waste with the help of some sensors. Technology is way ahead in Bangalore. Make worthy use of it. Separate glass, wood, refine water, plastics etc and recycle them with proper way. Hope this turns good!!
13- Rain water drains should be monitored.  Water stagnated areas should be identified.  Lakes enchrochers should be punished severely.  Roads and buildings should be accessed by Fire fighting vehicles
14- The plan is good...please give approvals only to construction which obey the rules for safety
15- The hazard risk assessment does not identify terrorist attack as a risk. 
