1- I am sure that we will have all the above plans intact in the master plan of 2041 as well. Man, Bangalore has the best of natural resources in the form of multiple lakes and we need to learn to use them. Control the pollution flowing into the lakes and make them the recreational places. We dont need huge 200-300 acres of land for it use the land around the existing lakes. You can give a develop and operate contract to any private builders without any big bribes going out of their pockets, which will compromise the quality and increase the prices for the general public.
2- Although the plan is good to build around 8 parks, care must be taken to ensure that they are not harmed in the future (like 5-10 years into the future). I saw this with experience because, now during the metro construction, many parks have been removed and i do not see any possibilities to recreate them. This must not happen in the future. If there is no option available, it must be ensured that there will be a seamless integration of the two.  Also, one more aspect would be to allow some portion of the parks to be reserved for pets so that even our pets can enjoy the greenery and meet many furry friends. Ensuring the cleanliness of this place must be undertaken by both the pet owners and the government.
3- Parks should be there each suburb for kids and old people.
4- It is not clear how what has not been able to do over last 70 years (no new big parks built after independence) , can be done in next 12 years. There is no clear idea on how to procure land for these. At periphery even if done, it cannot be accessed by majority population.  The  best way for Bangalore to create more parks and recreation is create spaces from defense and govt lands. It would be good if govt can convince defense establishments in and around Bangalore to move out and establish their centers in other districts. Govt should provide enough incentives, land for defense to vacate their land in prime areas of Bangalore. The vacated land can be converted to parks and recreation centers. 
5- Area surrounding lakes can be used for parks and recreation. For example, varthur lake road is such a beautiful view if only it was maintained properly. It could be converted to receation area something similar to hyderabad’s necklace road or marine drive with parks foot paths.. food streets, water sports  and amphitheatre for piblic events.
6- IN THE NOBEL RESIDENCY LAYOUT THE PARK BE SHOWN IN THE MASTER PLAN 
7- Plants are missing on road. Day by day pollution is increasing.
8- Make the parks disabled friendly and wheelchair accessible and plan for maintenance .  Also an idea for recycling old vehicle carriages/cars etc - refurbish existing damaged vehicles and place them in parks to use as seating, or grow plants inside for decorative purposes. artists can spray paint on them on the outside. Just a thought. .
9- There is no concrete plan of regional parks mentioned apart from just a number i.e. 8. This shows the level of planning done to still keep bangloreans breathing. 
10- Building large parks is great, but we should also implement small measures now.  Like making sure neighbourhood parks are safe and clean, and planting trees and shrubs on road dividers.  They look good, and also help while driving by shielding the eyes from oncoming high beam lights.  But most importantly, you should make sure Parks are SAFE for kids, women and everyone, and have ample bathrooms so people don’t urinate here and there. 
11- Need to increase Park space and available timings to general public with proper security and toilets.
12- More and more maintenance needed.Proper installation of sports facility as well.Badminton courts and all should be maintained,Install Open Gyms and maintaining it properly.Also there should be some Affordable clubs where people can register themselves and play as per their interest basis.There is no Swimming pool in BTM 2nd stage.I request the government to please look into this corner.Citizens are getting health conscious day by day and this can lead bengaluru to live upto its expectation.
13- No Park in bangalore except the older part. I stayed in e-city, now in panathur, Balagere. There is no plan of park here. It must be included in all the areas.
14- Actually everything is paper only. We are not seeing anything in action like dustbin distribution to all APL and BPL house holds across all wards and changing all the street lights to LED lights. Where are funds gone which were allocated in the last year BBMP budgets?. Everything is published on the news papers but nothing is being implemented. We are living in a layout near veerannapalya  and there is no park for walking and road are stinking because of opendefacation. 
15- The currently peripheral areas such as Mahadevpura, Marathahalli, Whitefield, etc. do not have any usable parks whatsoever. Parks should be mandated and the land earmarked well before real estate starts picking up in the newer areas.
16- We need to build parks along side all future roads atleast on a 1-3 metres width and also on medians.
17- as part of building parks, pls allow spaces where children can play. these days we are seeing parts with walking lanes and grass lwns with no space to play. older parks like MN Krishnarao park that used to have large playarea has been converted and much of it is now turned into lawns. allowing kids to play will help their physical development.
18- And also concentrate on small parks in and around the locality. 
19- children parks are very very less compared to normal city's. For kids entertainment option is available is artificial environment created in commercial  multiplex malls.Green city can accommodate some space for parks which is very useful for kids and oldage people which is not finding in Banflore.
20- I am little surprised that we dont have any sports facilities spead across the city. Only few are concentrated at Kantiveera area. I think we need to encourage people to take up sports by creating better parks, or running trails around lakes and preserve them. More sports facilities like Swimming pool, bedminton courts, TT etc need to be setup . So, common man can also use it. This is the area which is completely ignored. Many private players,gyms are making huge money.
21- Everything is well and good. 
22- There is a need to maintain the current parks well. It is an urgent requirement to stop the flow of traffic in Cubbon Park (24*7) just like in Lalbagh so as to protect the sanctity and ecology of the lung space.
23- The existing parks need to be cleaned and maintained first. Lots of parks lack lighting, do not have proper fencing and has become dumping grounds. Creation of new parks is appreciated but funds must be allocated for the effective maintenance of the existing parks as well. 
24- Need more lung spaces planned with real good tree cover to nullify the carbon monoxide and CO2 emissions by the BMTC Volvo buses
25- Build more
26- Recreation center in every square km is need of the hour. I see people doesn't have space for sports and even for morning or evening walk.  This is very necessary to make people physically and mentally healthy and fit so that they can contribute for this city and the nation. This is one of the most urgently implemented plan.
27- The encroachment of plots reserved for parks and sports as per earliar plans should be removed developed along with new proposals.
28- We need to create free of cost recreational or sport areas for kids. I don't see any place where kids can go and play they need to pay heftier amount for artificial grounds. All we can see is buildings. The concrete jungle
29- We need to maintain our lakes, disconnect drainage lines connected to lakes, increase number of trees in my city. Please let us know if we(public) can take some initiative to grown plants under namma metro. If yes, please let us know how can we do it.   We would like so see Bengaluru as a garden city rather than Silicon City.  Thanks, Nithya - 9964002090
30- Parks, squares, open plaza is what makes life in the city bearable or even pleasant. Large parks are important but smaller such public open spaces are essentials! They allow kids to play safely outside,close to their homes , they give a ground for social interactions and strengthen community bonds. They are missing in many areas of Bangalore.This goes in par with guaranteeing safe pedestrian routes and accesses. Instead ofspending so much money on fancy fences and complexe ornemental plantations and paved paths, let the parks be simple and open with a few good trees ( why not fruit trees). There could also be deals between private land owner of empty plots and the municipality to use and maintain those plots as play grounds / parks against a small retribution, for a given duration.
31- Open playgrounds are awfully inadequate. Even schools lack enough playgrounds forcing children to take to roads. Playgrounds should be spread across the entire city so that long travel is avoided. Sports equipment may be made available on rent out basis at these grounds for the benefit of youth who cannot afford but have an inclination for sports.
32- Teenagers should get enough of space near their house so that they can play cricket, football or any other outdoor game. This is extremely important for their physical and mental growth. Also, parents can keep a watch on their children's friend's circle. Currently, I see all teenagers sitting and talking or whatsapping or commenting at the dresses of passer-by. Green parks are there but only for walking and jogging, and that too one park for every 10000 people. Look at BTM Layout, HSR, Jayanagar, Koramangala. In New Delhi, every group of 15-20 house has a dedicated play-ground. Additionally, there are Green parks and Community centers for library with play ground.
33- There should be a way to have proper safety of people while in the public parks.
34- Parks are the main king space  Children’s these days are stuck to computers, mobiles and other indoor games mainly because there is no adequate parks or play grounds for their outings  Parks and gardens are the main places where elders get fresh air, peace of mind and new contacts and also source for passing time.  Therefore enough space has to b ear marked for opening parks with proper seating arrangements , security and staff to maintain them with sincerity. Above all it shd be seen that most of the time these parks and gardens are kept opened as different sections of the people get chance at different timings depending on their business activities or working hours.  Fountains shd b compulsorily installed and maintained.  Simultaneously it shd b seen that these lung spaces are not utilised for parties or political events or any other functions not even religious activities 
35- Mandatory one park for every 25000 people will help grow greenery over the city and Increase oxygen in city
36- Basic plan to be implemented first with certain protocols followed. 
37- One of the parks in my area named Taverekere park (Tank Bund Rd, Bhavani Nagar, Suddagunte Palya) would be replaced by the lake. It's important to make more storm water drains but replacing a park for it doesn't make ecological sense. Moreover, the lake would be surrounded by building which is against the developmental norms. 
38- Park sanctioned in Kanaka Nagar area near raily crossing gate , But still the work has not begun from past 4 years. 
39- Existing parks need better maintainace and they must all contain clean toilets at every toilets. The parks must have open through the day and not dictate us as to when we must use the park. Also, if there are artificial ponds in these parks, those must be cleaned regularly and throwing of garbage and plastics must be banned and made a punishable offence.
40- Every city in India and the world plans some recreational, parks, open spaces for children and everyone to relax, enjoy fresh air, interact with community etc but in Bengaluru, there is no provision of any such facilities especially on the outer sides of the city where the land is just being converted to buildings around narrow lanes without any open space being left.
41- Cannot ignore the smaller parks in the city hub as need green cover there also and don't encroach these areas come what may.
42- We have small parks in every locality. They are left ill-maintained.i believe we can convert them for the toddlers use. Making them like play parks with safe materials and not the metal ones. Kids are future. 
43- Apart from the large parks, smaller parks in each locality are needed as it provides breathing space and recreation venue for all. Also the parks have to be kept children safe with good rubber mattings, sand pits for kids
44- Public spaces are the most important. Hope this takes care of that. But getting land is going to be challenge. Most people throw cases at the government and these cases take for ever to complete. There needs to be good mechanism and specific committee looking into land acquisition. 
45- There is a need for smaller parks in localities. People cant always access the large parks. Empty sites could be identified and turned into parks for people to walk in the morning and for kids to play. BDA should ensure that every locality/layout has a small park. Also micro forests could be made to have greenery. 
46- Successive governments have failed its people to provide good parks and recreation. Over the last 25 years parks and lakes have systematically disappeared - rampant corruption, false promises and the goonda factor ensured ensured that we were denied this very simple facility which in a democracy is akin to a fundamental right. The governments  'intent' has always been questionable.......someone has to ensure that such projects are completed in time and sustained all through!!
47- Most park areas were recently converted to Indira canteens, while it is ok, but please develop parks wherever they were planned. 
48- Can we residents of Roopena Agrahara residing near Madiwala lake have a small park besides lake at 5th cross. This corner is being ignored completely as sewage gutter flows just next to it. Also the park at ViratNagar is quite far for residents staying in 2,3,4,5 th cross. Kids are forced to play on roads which is unsafe due to fast running vehicles and roads are without standardized bumps/ Speed breakers. Think of having a park in our area too. Thank you.
49- Try to build more parks in residential areas 
50- We need to work on providing sufficient public toilets at regular distance throughout the city. It should be made compulsory to have toilets in all commercial buildings. 
51- Open spaces, parks and recreation areas are getting illegally encroached upon by the Corrupt arm of the society including the Politicians. Need more open space, greenery, water bodies for healthy living
52- We need more parks and playgrounds near residential areas where kids can go and play everyday. Marathahalli area has zero parks. Large parks will make it like a amusement park and weekend visits.
53- Eight parks is a good start but we need to ensure that the development of these parks is transparent and accountable. We don't want to be in a situation wherein the parks take forever to complete. Prefarably the parks should have cycling tracks, running tracks and lots of free space and should be modelled like Cubbon Park.
54- Instead of large works please plan for many smaller ones
55- the more the better. even small parks will help. 
56- I moved to Bengaluru because it was called the Garden City, but most of this greenery is limited to the Old Bengaluru area (Cubbon Park, etc.). THe other side of the ORR (Mahadevpura, Hoodi, Whitefield and other areas) do not have sufficient green cover. We need more public parks, children's play areas, jogging/walking tracks etc. in these areas. This will help to increase tree cover and oxygen levels, which is vital, but will also reduce overall temperature, which in turn will reduce power consumption and also invite more rainfall to aid the water problem.
57- Plead you to develop atleast one lush green public park with rain trees. We need natural lungs in every layout or the population will be sick with asthma. Just having accessible clean parks and playgrounds will go long way to up the happiness quotient of the city. Please show the will power and reclaim abandoned land to build parks and gardens . The city will thank you and restore its prestige in international community.
58- Park timings: Many of public parks and gardens within the localities are closed for public between 11am - 5pm. All the public parks whether it is maintained by the Government bodies or Resident Welfare Associations, should be open and accessible to public all day long (5am - 10pm).
59- In Naganathapura There is No parks or Playgrounds for Children or elders to play or walk or relax (singasandra Ward)
60- Need more open area and parks for the citizens to use. Should avoid parking on roads of colonies. Kids are unable go out and play.
61- No parks no greenery 
62- Increase the tree density inside the park. 
63- The existing lakes, that are encroached and sizes are greatly reduced, needs clear boundary to be set up. A park along periphery can only happen then. The yele mallappa shetty lake, is a classic example, one of the biggest in Bangalore, one of the major roads cross it, and there is so much negligence that a huge pocket of greenery and lung space is slowly dying. A timely step to address such challenges will help the city in the long term.
64- in the Cosmo city where the city operates for 24 hours, people have different schedules. hence night shift people have no access for parks, so measures should be taken to operate parks for 24hours with strict security , solar powered lighting, with CCTV's
65- Thank you for building and maintaining parks, its really helping to keep Bangalore - Garden City
66- We are from green city! but we've more parks and recreational area but we do not have the proper maintenance programs. "we build parks and forget"
67- It is worth thinking about something along the lines of Miyawaki forest to create zones that will absorb carbon dioxide.
68- I have seen Bengaluru spread like virus. In this coarse, the entire structure has changed bringing about a lot of change and reduction in the amenities around certain areas. One such amenity is a playground. I have lived in Malleswaram for 20 years and have seen the change taken place. This ground was once a most wanted field for Football matches, Kabaddi tourney's, Cricket tourney's. But now every ground around Bengaluru is occupied either for some political event or by educational institutions. These should have their restrictions and the BBMP should ensure that a playground id used for a specific purpose and not for any personal event. Although few smaller grounds are converted to walking parks, it is also important to ensure that there is a decent amount of place left for outdoor sports to be played.
69- More parks are to created in CA sites.
70- make sure parks are dog friendly and you might earn a 10
