the municipality will plant trees
=====================================

6- Please ban cutting any trees in and around bangalore.
8- All plants and trees needs to be tracked.
9- Plan alternative options instead of cutting trees in City.
11- Chopping of trees should be stopped unless it's a matter of concern to life.
35- Not only plant but also monitor the growth of trees.
38- Lastly, give more breathing space for trees and not choke it with cement.
73- BBMP keeps chopping /trimming the trees to keep the electric cables safe.
76- Strictly plant 2trees each house.
81- The Green Belt is reducing by cutting trees and uncountable constructions.
88- The trees are also not spared.
89- People put up pins and nails on trees to put there posters of PG ads and other things.
91- Mainly have to stop cutting down the trees, if necessary try to replant those trees to another location where necessary.
93- Banglore should go for strong trees than the exisiting thin and strongless trees breaks down when heavy rain fall.
94- Cutting of trees for absolutely unnecessary reasons makes me furious.
96- What is the point? And the size of the trees being cut are enormous (easily 30-50 years old)  and are done in the night so that it is not noticed by any one who is  against it.
97- The amount of shade and protection that these trees give is so much that the road makes you feel like home itself.
98- But so many trees are cut, no one feels to come out during the day time.
99- There is no point in chanting sustainability, saving of water, pollution free, or whatever it is if trees are going to be cut down like this.
130- Not only municipality has to plant more trees it has to be an individual's responsibility to contribute towards the society.
135- Please avoid using some expensive flower plant or ornamental plants.
136- Try to use convenientional trees which which we used to plant in old Bangalore areas.
139- there are ample trees being planted nor are there any proper maintenance of parks and lakes.
140- some immense drives should be held to plant more trees along with tech parks every month(suggestion).
156- BDA should restrain from cutting trees just because someone built a shopping complex with the entrance placed in front of the tree.
159- The reason and plan of the building should be reviewed and maximum number of trees should be saved.
162- NOTE BDA can consider relocation of trees with the latest technology and machines available and followed in few countries.
169- I really wish the promises made by the municipality will be executed.
188- Planting more and more trees isn't a option anymore, it's become a necessity.
202- Their should small jungle in every part of bangalore the technique of this jungle is used by HAL where a small 10*20 place will be filled with trees and managed in such a way that their is no place inside by setting up of small mini size to huge trees in a orderly way this will fight pollution and save greenery.
212- Transplantation of trees saves the trees.
218- Need to stop demolishing Bigg biggg trees,you can't plant a 1plant instead of 1bigg tree.
225- What is the meaning of "will plant more trees".
247- Putting trees on the roads might help but the main built area (flat roofs) remain.
253- Make lakhs of saplings available and start a "each plant a tree" campaign.
269- Cutting down of trees must be made difficult for everyone.
291- Who will maintain the planted trees? Till now all the planted trees are died without no Maintanance and water supply.
302- so I request to plant trees along the road side,provide clean footpaths with benches and some decorative things like that which makes the city look beautiful.
305- Planting trees will just not help because they will be chopped of my the Govt for road widening Or for Metro Or any other reasons.
320- Buildings rather than a line of trees should be the first to go for any widening work and during budgeting this should be taken care of.
357- please stop cutting trees and Govt.
363- this was there earlier in 80s when one could see roadside plants with plant gaurds .
365- Please ensure no big trees are cut or if they have to, should be translocate else where.
368- Planting of trees is an ongoing task.
379- Ensure each housing society has trees planted, roof top gardens and zero discharge.
424- If one cuts one trees they should plant 5 trees in return.
434- Please do plant more trees and maintain the name given to us as a garden city .
455- Unsatisfied with the development and need to show intrest and improve the grenery plant the trees where it is required in every road with plan.
472- Plant trees on the opposite sides of the electricity poles (better to channelize all wires underground).
473- So trees can grow without being chopped off.
479- stop cutting the trees 1st.
508- Plant trees of future use and which absorbs more pollution.
509- Advice to plant flowering plants of local varieties rather costly foreign varieties on road sides.
510- May plant tree species of long growing rather wider growing on roadsides and plant trees growing wider on roadsides which have less traffic.
521- Where is the space to plant trees, footpaths have been trimmed and will become non-existent with the expansion of road to accommodate more vehicles, electric poles, transformers and traffic signs.
