make tree planting mandatory for all new buildings
=====================================

12- Every new building should leave space to plant new trees.
14- Everything is fine but y is dat e1 after planning, u dig roads which r fine n make no roads for d people n coz of digging thrs so much of pollution n traffic n so much of health hazards for people staying thr n ppl commuting by dat road daily.
37- Also, we have a huge termite problem so we are in dire need of tree doctors at every ward.
54- Electric Autos and all vehicles mandatory in next 5 years.
72- Need to make strict rules for not chopping the trees.
75- Also,  instead of chopping huge trees,  they can use new technologies and relocate those trees.
82- There is no plan to road but big builders make the apartment for possession.
83- How about planting trees with fruits like mango n al.
92- Contact me for planting tree sampling where necessary for joining hands.
101- Are human beings so selfish that we only care about our present comforts? Are we so stupid that we can't see what this is doing to our earth? I don't mind contributing to make out planet a much greener place.
114- The sooner you start the better it is because planting tree you need minimum of 5years for the tree to grow .
142- Instead of planting trees, trees are being cut.
143- The proud thing of Bengaluru was trees and alot of trees which is being cut, Bengaluru is losing its pride,its temperature is changed only because of this, IT sectors other people are coming to B'lore and there's no much space left so trees are being cut but when you chop one tree its like taking alot of lives, I request you to please make B'lore as before.
153- The newly planted tree saplings will take minimum 10 years to become a tree, so the aim should be to preserve the existing flora.
154- While planting new trees, the trees should be sturdy, in the sense, it should not succumb for mild wind guesses after 10 years.
155- At least 31 ratio of plantation should be done for each and every tree that is brought down in the name of development.
157- The shopping complex or any building should have been planned to avoid tree felling.
160- Moreover, for every tree they cut, they should plant at least 2 tree saplings and show then as grown trees at the time of completing the construction project.
161- To conclude Aim should be to save the existing trees, rather than planting and waiting for another 10-15 years for them to become trees again.
173- make it mandatory to plant trees by all the citizens around their houses.
178- Although all these ideas are novel and can make an impact when implemented properly, no assurance what so ever has been given regarding this and the method of implementation is again up for speculation.
180- It's important to educate as well as make people practice to plant trees only then will the city improve in.
214- Tree planting has never been successful.
226- Instead of that make mandatory to all who are living in Bangalore that they plant 40 trees and by the next 10 years 10 trees should grow to their full health It should be their responsibility that they should take care of these plants.
227- Those who can make survive 30+ plant reward them.
230- So this count after 10 years  there would be 40 million tree at least.
232- We should ideally stop new construction it will bring in more deforestation .
244- Just planting is not sufficient, sustaining the existing and maintaining the new plants is the necessary of the hour.
249- Plant small trees along all roads in around Bangalore and make a dense forest kind of plan so that city gets back it's old charm.
261- I would just like to add a point regarding allocation of land space for new construction, there should be a gap to plant trees.
271- Just planting new trees will not help unless the old ones are preserved.
274- make it licensed and legal.
277- Tree planting should be made mandatory and vehicles should be made electrified, no more fossil fuel vehicles to be run on the roads.
281- Tree are cut irresponsibly,the trees must be planted in 110 ratio ,if one tree is cut in the same locality 10 trees must be planted ,the parks ,lakes must be surrounded by trees ,the roades must be maintained, proper drainage system must be in place , public toilet system must be in each locality,where not possible temporary modern public toilet system should be made , where public density is more and traffic is intense no vehicle zone or only pedestrian roads to be made ,like these issues must be addressed .
284- Plant more trees in the bhanergatta forests and make all the bridges green by introducing more of hanging plants.
288- Making residents to mandate planting plants at home at least 1 plant per person.
293- Flats and row houses must mandatory have garden space with trees.
300- Please make it mandatory for all buildings to have rooftop gardens.
314- One side the govt passed order to demolish the buildings built on the water bed, and other side the govt itself is granting permissions for covering  the lake.
321- A value has to be places on every tree just like market values are placed on property.
340- Make mandatory for residents/companies/corporates, in fact all to plant trees and also maintain them till they grow.
354- Also make footpaths that support trees and store rainwater during raining season, this will replenish ground water, also ban bore-wells that are destroying the water table in Bangalore.
358- should bring rules such as for every one new building permit they should have plant sapled and they should take care.
359- Now they are giving subsidy on current, if solar plants is installed similarly they should give subsidy on current or water if they have a tree planted which is recorded by government for that individual house/building, so that people will concentrate on that.
360- Only planting saplings will not help all these .
362- Good to see planting tree point in the plan.
366- Have a immediate movement called "Bring back Greenery" and go on offensive planting trees as part of or outside this plan.
381- Make composting mandatory for all households and residential societies.
392- Ensure minimum one tree per house should be achieved.
413- Also make sure to plant a tree with every cut down of a tree used for houses and carpentry .
415- Every new plan come comes with a heavy cost which end of the day is bared by common public.
459- Planting trees in every house should be mandatory .
460- Why it doesn’t shook our conscious to see our lakes disappear and tree cover vanish? The city that gave us so much, we took away everything from it in just 2 decades.
466- Don’t make it ghost city.
477- Please make adequate provision to build a four seat toilet complex every two km on main roads.
484- We need to make hard rules and should follow them without any if and but.
487- I am agree that only Gov body can do until people are not supporting so we have to make the Clean India Healthy India Campaign more frequently.
503- make proper layout for residential area, every 2 Km square meter provide 1, 1 acre area park.
514- Many Places cutting the tree due to infrastructures development.
519- Make sure each house has one tree planted for themselves so to maintain the greenery from house, make sure the new layouts/roads are approved with proper dimensions to have enough space for plantation in front of their homes.
523- At least the minimum we can think of is having an elevated footpath in places of dense and dangerous traffic or if we are more kind and generous towards saving environment make elevated cycle tracks.
530- First, for tree planting, There needs to be a plan based on population growth expected, increase in pollution due to transportation usage, Ward wise plan for the same.
546- Should increase the green cover by planting more fruit bearing trees as it will help birds.
547- Also water bodies must be protected and rain water harvesting made mandatory at specific layout level so as to make them serif sufficient for their water needs.
